# 'GHOSTS' STAR BAILEY
## 
### 
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
One of the most successful plays
this summer at the San Mateo Hill
barn Summer Theater was Ibsen's
"Ghosts," starring Dr. Margery
Bailey of the Stanford English De
partment.
