# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
Stanford people, almost uni
versally, have lamented the fact
that music, which forms the main
support of our social life and cul
ture, should he so unreasonably
slighted and should take so insig
nificant a place in our college life.
This indifference is not due to a
lack of the advantages appertain
ing to a musical department but
rather to the lack of a proper ap
preciation of our present opportuni
ties by which we may keep in
touch with the musical talent of
the world. It was only last Wed
nesday night that one of the most
delightful singers of our time was
greeted by a deplorably small num
ber of music lovers. A mid-week
date and a stormy night may have
been partly to blame, but such a
singer certainly deserved a much
larger audience. If we desire the
pleasure and benefit derived from
listening to talented artists it is
absolutely necessary that we give
such a warm welcome, for mana
gers will not continue giving con
certs where a financial- loss is in
curred, and famous artists do not
care for repetitions of a past
"frost."

The action taken by the Fresh
man Class in its meeting yesterday,
while ending happily for all con
cerned, showed a spirit that is
entirely inconsistent with the prin
ciples that should guide the delib
erations of a class of Stanford
students. It would seem totheordi
nary observer that the manner in
which class sweaters were pur
chased should be immaterial, as
long as they were the best and
cheapest to be had. But not so to
the Freshmen. The result is the
payment for the sweaters under
protest simply on account of some
one's misunderstanding. It is ex
tremely fortunate, however, that
the class did not attempt to over
throw University custom, establish
new precedents in accordance with
the opinion of its own orators, and
shift the burden of its debt on to
the shoulders of the football man
agement. Perhaps the Freshmen
did not authorize the purchase of
the sweaters in the manner in
which it was done, but the attitude
of some of the members of the class
as shown yesterday, is certainly
open to very severe criticism.
Every Freshman Class that has
entered Stanford so far has pn id
for its own sweaters, and why 1V)()4
should imagine for a moment that
it would be an exception to the
rule, is a mystery to the majority
of the student body.
