# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
— Wednesday evening Professor
Hudson lectured before the Univer
sity Extension Society in San Jose
on Shakspere's tragedy, "Macbeth."
