# Euphronia.
## 
### 
Eupbronia met Saturday evening,
Vice-President Bell presiding. The
meeting was opened by an impromptu
speech by Catbeart on " Dancing," aud
oue by lJarnett on " The Sophomore
Hop." The regular debate was on the
question " Resolved, That the Reilly
Funding bill should pass." The af
firmative was supported by Hell and
Colliver; the negative by Sheldon and
Morrison. The negative won.
Eupbronia met Saturday evening,
Vice-President Bell presiding. The
meeting was opened by an impromptu
speech by Catbeart on " Dancing," aud
oue by lJarnett on " The Sophomore
Hop." The regular debate was on the
question " Resolved, That the Reilly
Funding bill should pass." The af
firmative was supported by Hell and
Colliver; the negative by Sheldon and
Morrison. The negative won.
Eupbronia met Saturday evening,
Vice-President Bell presiding. The
meeting was opened by an impromptu
speech by Catbeart on " Dancing," aud
oue by lJarnett on " The Sophomore
Hop." The regular debate was on the
question " Resolved, That the Reilly
Funding bill should pass." The af
firmative was supported by Hell and
Colliver; the negative by Sheldon and
Morrison. The negative won.
Eupbronia met Saturday evening,
Vice-President Bell presiding. The
meeting was opened by an impromptu
speech by Catbeart on " Dancing," aud
oue by lJarnett on " The Sophomore
Hop." The regular debate was on the
question " Resolved, That the Reilly
Funding bill should pass." The af
firmative was supported by Hell and
Colliver; the negative by Sheldon and
Morrison. The negative won.
