# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tije action of the Stanford repre
sentatives in favoring a cliaDge of
date for the great U. C.-Stanford
football battle is, to the casual ob
server, totally without reason. The
scheme proposed is to have the game
played on the Saturday before or
after Thanksgiving. Surely neither
of these dates could possibly be as
advantageous financially as a na
tional holiday. Because Harvard and
Yale play on the Saturday following
Thanksgiving is no reason it is a
more successful date. That time is
secured simply because Thanksgiv
ing Day comes but once, and there
are two equally important games to
be played. If Berkeley and Stanford
play on the Saturday before the
present arrangement the mid-term
examinations at both universities
will be interfered with; if on the
Saturday following, the vacation
will be so interrupted that many
students would be deprived of a
short visit home. If the Stanford
representatives acquiesced to this
without mature deliberation they
might be reminded that it is their
duty to proceed a little more slowly
in the presence of smooth-tongued
opponents.
