# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
STUDENTS
WRITE HOME
AND TELL THE FOLKS
ABOUT THAT
Wonderful 25c Lunch
and that
25c Evening Special
AT
WHITE'S
Formerly Downcyflake
Corfce Shop
331 University Ave.
STOP AT
Chiliville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
We also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
•
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
>
