# Card Basketball Squad Bows To Wyoming Flash
## 
### 
LARAMIE. Wyo., Jan. 4 (/P)
â€”Stanford's barnstorming bas
ketball team closed its intersec
tional battles here tonight when
it fell before the championship
University of Wyoming five, 41
to 24.
Trailing by an 11-0 score in
the early part of the game, the
Cardinals were never able to
catch up, and were behind at
the half by a 27 to 9 count.
Palmer and Schnetka led the
Pacific Coast team with seven
points apiece, the former tank
ing three field goals and a free
throw and the latter dropping
one bucket and five fouls. Cor
dry, star forward of the in
vaders, was kept in check and
broke away for but two field
goals.
