# DAILY AT BOOKSTORE
## 
### 
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
Students residing in Mcnlo, May
field, and College Terrace will re
ceive their Dailies as usual this
quarter at the Bookstore. The reason
that the Daily is not delivered to
these students is that they live be
yon£ the boundaries of the Daily
routes and the postage to these
points is the same as to any other
point in the United States.
