# Pi Lamda Theta Holds Business Meeting Today
## 
### 
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
Meeting to transact important '
business, Pi Lambda Theta, women's
education society, will hold a ses
sion at 5 o'clock this afternoon on
the first floor of the Women's Club- j
house. All members are urged to be- !
present.
Mrs. Louise Goode, president, a.sks '
that all members last initiated be j
present in order to receive their
pins.
