# Japan Demands China City Remain Neutral
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Jan. 4 (/P)â€”General
Kotaro Nakamura, in command of
the Japanese garrison at Tientsin,
has demanded neutralization of the
Chinese city of Shanhaikwan as a
condition for peaceful settlement of
the new conflict between China and
Japan, Japanese press dispatches
said today.
The neutralization demand, ac
cording to the Tientsin dispatches,
was one of three presented to Mar
shal Chang Hsiao-liang, Chinese
military leader, who ruled Man
churia until the Japanese army
ousted him more than a year ago.
The other conditions imposed by
General Nakamura, the dispatches
said, were that Marshal Chang and
the Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan apologize to the Japanese
and that the Japanese be given con
trol of the Shanhaikwan railway
station.
