# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
! - *"
fake your hostess
a box of Part-rick's
Specirl boxes packcd to
order for
THANKSGIVING
•
Nuts salted fresh tour or
five times daily
•
PARTRBCKS
314 University Ave.
