# GAEL GAME OFF
## 
### 
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
Football relations between St.
Mary's College and Stanford
will NOT be resumed next fall,
according to a San Francisco
Examiner sports story pub
lished today by William Lciscr.
No statements were forth
coming from principles on the
campus, Leiser intimating that
his deductions were from per
sonal observations. Among
other things, he said that sen
timents of alumni groups in
different parts of the State were
almost unanimous against re
newal of the series, which wa*
abruptly ended after the 1!>27
game, when "Spud" Harder,
Stanford end, suffered injuries
from alleged roughness on the
part of the Gaels.
