# Codification
## 
### 
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
Effective today: NRA codes for
hotel, wholesale foods, paper and
pulp, newsprint, cotton garment in
dustries. Signed at Warm Springs
White House by F.R. were another
20, including motion picture and ce
ment producers.
AAA must pass on fair practice
provisions of farm-product indus
tries codes; therefore, foods indus
try regulation apply now only to
wages. At Warm Springs, F.R. was
considering restaurant code. Knotty
problem: whether tips should be
considered excuse for "slave wages."
Under F.R.'s hat also was liquor
industries code. Present status: Fed
eral Government has veto power,
distillers' and wine-beer makers'
associations produce, distribute on
their own.
