# THREE TEAMS IN THE RUNNING
## 
### 
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
There are but three schools re
ceiving support on the Eastern side
of the fence; they are, of course,
Princeton, Army, and Michigan.
Princeton is cited because it has a
young team with sophomores pre
dominating. It has won a lot of
games, mostly against inferior teams;
not one of whom has been brilliant
nor has received favorable mention
for national honors.
Much that is said of Princeton
might be applied to Army, although
their schedule is more imposing; on
one occasion they invaded the Big
Ton and got away with a 6-0 tri
umph over a strong Illinois team.
The Army would be especially col
orful if they brought along the Ca
dets, but that concession to the
students would be doubtfully con
sidered by the academy heads.
