# Men's Room Deposits Fall Due Next Week
## 
### 
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
Room deposits for Branncr, Toyon,
Sequoia, and the old Union ftill due
next week, with collections open De
cember 3, 4, and 5. At Encina fresh
men are required to pay their de
posits in two weeks, December 11,
12, and 13. Miss Vivienne Church,
secretary to (he Dean of Men, will
hold room drawings for Toyon and
Branner Monday night, December
11, al 7 o'clock,
