# NRA vs. Ford
## 
### 
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
Federal Comptroller McCarl again
sits in the seat of the mighty. To
the purse-holding Republican-ap
pointee is referred question of Ford
dealers' eligibility for Government
contracts. McCarl caused furor two
weeks back by deciding Ford dealers
could bid, that low bids must be
accepted.
Under trade-practice provision of
auto dealers' code (effective Thurs
day) bids may not be under list
price. Fordmen have already bid
under list for C.C.C. trucks con
tracts.
Says General Johnson, "this vio
lates code"; say Fordmen, "So
what 9 " Pending suit, McCarl de
cided. Meanwhile, rumor has it
Ford will meet with F.R. soon. A
reconciliation may place Henry un
der the Blue Eagle, F.R. on a bol
ter spot.
