# Announcements.
## 
### 
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
Senior Collectors —Keep class dues
and receipt books till next semester.
Quad Pictures —All organizations
desiring their pictures in the Quad
turn them in the Manager Sharpe by
December 14.
