# Quad.
## 
### 
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
Miss Harriet Park, '11, with two
friends, has built a studio cottage in
the Maine woods and is living: there, i
