# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
W.A. Morris, ’01, formerly of the
University of Washington faculty, is
now an assistant professor in the De
partment of History of the University
of California.
