# Is Against Capital Punishment.
## 
### 
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
Working in the crusade against
capital punishment, Instructor M.
Lippitt Larkin, of ilie Economics de
partment, spoke in a large open-air
meeting in San Francisco last even
ing.
