# A 						Public Service.
## 
### 
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
The afternoon we print a story
telling the proposition of the Hook
store to share their profits with the

students. Their reason
for the action, we were told
by a member of the firm,

was, that they felt that the
organization belonged to the commu
nity and they want the present and
future generations to have the benefit,
and that they had simply awaited the
time when the finances of the store
were such that the success of the
plan would be guaranteed. The
greatest credit goes to the men who
have done this public service. The
highest praise goes to Professor R.
I-. Green, who has been the head of
the association since its reorganiza
tion. He has done his work well and
to the Stanford community goes the
benefit. To him, the satisfaction of
having done a work that will be
appreciated.
