# WEINSTEIN, BATES PLAY VARSITY NET TEAM EXHIBIT BOUT
## 
### 
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
Wallace Bates, captain of the Cali
fornia tennis varsity, and singles
champion of Canada, and Irving
Weinstein, of the. Olympic Club of San
Francisco, will meet the Stanford var
sity tomorrow afternoon in an exhi
bition match. Both singles and doub
les matches will be played, Bates and
Weinstein being matched up with the
Davies-Neer combination. The singles
matches have not been decided upon
yet but Bates and Neer will probably
play the first bout with Davies and
Weinstein meeting in the second
match.
Bates recently defeated William
Johnston in a match in the University
and Club league and is rated as one
of the coming players of the coast.
Last summer, Captain Neer defeated
Bates in the National Intercollegiate
tourney in the east and if they mix
in the singles tomorrow the match
should be highly contested.
The matches will start at 3 o'clock
and students will be admitted to the
matches by student body cards,
