# Program Given by Music Club at First Meeting
## 
### 
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
An informal program was given at the
first meeting of Music Club for this
quarter, held last night at the Women's
Clubhouse. The members of Music Club
who entertained with solo numbers,
were: Ruth Langer, '22, Virginia Wood
ruff, '23. Meribeth Cameron, '25, and
Albert Gregerson, '23.
Tryouts will be conducted at the next
meeting, which is to be held at the Wom
en's Clubhouse on April 18. Students
who have solo ability are urged to try
out.
