# Professor Kellogg Plans To Return Soon
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
Professor and Mrs. Vernon Kellogg,
who are in France in government ser
vice, hope to be home soon, according
to a card received by Professor W. H.
Carrnth. The day Mrs. Kellogg wrote
she was at The Hague, seeing some
Belgian children who wanted to go
home. All the children, she wrote,
were exceedingly grateful to the Amer
icans who nre aiding them.
