# JOLLY-UP TO BE BIG AFFAIR IS AIM OF COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
Twenty lottery tickets, entitling the
lucky holders to one of Wilson's de
licious concoctions, and Monk Antrim's
jazz orchestra adding pep to the dances,
will be two of the big features of the
jolly-up tomorrow night in Encina club
room. The committee in charge lias
promises that this will be the biggest
affair that has been held on the campus
for some time, and has opened the event
to all classes, including freshmen.
