# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
TRAVELING
TO
EUROPE
If you apply
immediately
THE UNIVERSITY
TRAVEL SERVICE
1 May be able to secure
'Student Ship'' reserva
tions for you at $280
roundtrip.
2 Can arrange reservations
on th e "A dventure
Trails" cycle trips which
are still open.
3 Will give you all infor
mation and expert advice
concerning all major Eu
ropean tours.
AS ALWAYS—THERE
IS NO CHARGE
at the
University
Travel Service
522 Rsmon.i Street
In the Clothes Closet P.itio
