# The 						Weather
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
BAY AREA—Fair today and
increasing cloudiness tomorrow
with occasional rain by after
noon. Patches of morning fog.
