# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Betty Harden of
Fresno to Bi!l Anthony. Miss Har
den is a wire editor on The Daily,
hi /vmnojuy is a former staff edi
tor.
