# Bids for Cotillion Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Bids go on sale today for 'Co
lion al Rancho," the day-long play
time at the Old Hearst Ranch.
Priced at $6.75 per couple, bids
will give students access to the
510-acre estate for a full day of
riding, swimming, tennis, golf,
sight - seeing in the Old Spanish
Castle, and dancing on the terrace.
A theme of informality is being
introduced in keeping with the
play-day activities of the 194!) Co
tillion. This annual sophomore
sponsored activity has been formal
in past years.
Gerry Evers and his orchestra will
provide music for the evening of
dancing from 9 to 1. Couples will
gather on the terrace to dance un
der the stars.
A barbecued chicken dinner will
be served on the terrace at 7 p.m.,
providing a break between the af
ternoon of outdoor sports and the
evening of dancing.
Students wishing reservations at
the ranch for Saturday night may
obtain them through the sophomore
ticket sellers.
