# Book exchange benefits students
## 
### Ann Pedreira 
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
From the antiquated li
braries of well-wishing
donors, thousands of rare
and valuable books find their
way into the Stanford Li
brary system through a pro
gram known as "Gift and Ex
change " Located on the first
level of Green Library West,
the program works not only
as a partner in an extensive
exchange program
"The process is more in
volved than it may at first
seem." said Denise Ridard.
head of Ciift and Exchange
The program does not pro
vide library services to the
public, but rather, provides a
technical service of receiv
ing and cataloging books to
be used at Stanford or to be
exchanged for volumes from
other libraries
The "Gift" function of the
program depends on a great
many outside sources, usual
ly Stanford alumni and pro
fessors living in the Bay
Area When a donor contacts
Gifts and Exchange. Ridard
visits the prospective donor
to inspect the libraries for
their content as well as for
the condition of their books
Because many of the books
are often valuable the pro
gram offers a free appraisal
service for the benefit of the
donor A bookplate honoring
the name of the donor is also
placed on each book The
books are then categorized
into their particular fields
and given to a specialist to be
read for departmental value
Books that are selected to
be searched are usually rare
first editions or books that
can no longer be found
elsewhere When the books
are sent to be catalogues,
however, many duplicates of
volumes already in Stanford
libraries are discovered

These duplicates, as well as
books not selected by the
bibliographer, are then
placed into the exchange
division of the program
In the exchange process,
Ridard keeps in close contact
with 914 foreign and 155
domestic universities and li
braries. Of the foreign ex
change partners. 130 are
Slavic countries behind the
Iron Curtain Because avail
ability of Slavic literature is
very limited, the exchange
allows an otherwise unat
tainable connection with
communist countries
Likewise, these foreign
countries benefit by receiv
ing literature from abroad
Each month a list of books is
sent out by each exchange
partner, including a number
of subscriptions to literary
journals The language de
partments of each university
thus benefit from first-hand
periodicals of foreign coun
tries. The exchange at Stan
ford carries the process one
step further bv purchasing
books through Stanford Uni
versity Press and the Hoover
Institute for Slavic and other
foreign countries which oth
erwise would have no access
to such books.
The remainder of the
books, those not selected to
be searched by the Stanford
Library system and those not
used in the exchange, are
sold on the first Wednesday
of every month The prices
are low and the selection is
unmatched in content and va
riety. In many cases the
books can no longer be found
on sale in any other book
store Subject matters range
from Russian literature and
social science to musical
scores and old Stanford year
books.
