# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
Win 5-Suit
Wardrobe!
Hart Schaffrier & Marx
ESQUIRE CARTOON
CAPTION CONTEST
write caotion for above
cartoon
get antry blank at
MOORE'S
840 Maiket Streot
San Francisco
