# LOPEZ BEATS MORGAN
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.B>. —
Vincent Lopez, 220, Los Angeles,
used a potent elbow smash' to defeat
Big Ben Morgan, 303, in the feature
match of Olympic Auditorium's
wrestling card last night. "Lopez
won straight falls.
