# Big Feller, Little Feller
## 
### 


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump


TOM MONTGOMERY, left, toys
with the shot as a member of
Dink Templeton's track team,
while Leo Madlem, right, finds
his size fits into the broad jump
