# Authorities Ask Report in Spy Case
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
LOS ANGELES, April 1 (U.R).—
Authorities at Washington were re
ported today to have requested a
report on the discovery of maps of
Hawaiian Island military fortifica
tions in possession of a middle-aged
Japanese here.
The Federal Investigation Bureau
and police, meantime, virtually had
cleared Buichiro Abo, 59, of suspi
cion of espionage. He said the maps
and blueprints of Los Angeles' wa
ter system were left in his room by
another Japanese.
