# Webb Denies Coin Machine Legality
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
SACRAMENTO, April 1 (UP).—
Claw machines, nickel-a-throw var
iants of recently banned pin games,
slot machines and similar alleged
gambling devices, are illegal and
"not capable of being legalized."
Atty. Gen. U. S. Webb contended
today.
Mr. Webb's opinion was expressed
during a conference with Sacra
mento city and county officials and
will send City Manager James S.
Dean before the City Council to
night with a requets for abolition of
an existing ordinance under which
approximately 90 such dcvices are
licensed.
The claw machines were allowed
in Sacramento after other games
were outlawed by Mr. Webb's anti
gambling crusade on the under
standing that merchandise —if any—
taken from the devices was not re
deemed for cash.
