# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
I i
EASTER'S
FAVORSTE
Smart, serviceable, and
adaptable, no wonder this
shoe is a perpetual favor
ite with both Dame Fash
ion and man.
The two - tone black
and white, in a wing tip
model, lends conservative
good taste to this crea
tion and provides it with
an adaptability to suit
sport or informal spring
and summer wear.
$4.50 .. $5.50
$6.50
ELK AND BUCK
E ° /AVIER.LEINS
y/ Walk-Over
/ shop
220 University Ave.
