# POLISH MINISTER DIES
## 
### 
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
WARSAW, Poland, April 13 (/P)—
Ignacy Boerner, 58, Minister of
Posts and Telegraph for the last
four years in the Polish Cabinet,
died last night of pneumonia.
