# FINAL WEIGHTS SET
## 
### 
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
Countless protests and veiled
threats from unrevealed sources
caused King Contest officials to
declare another 15-pound con
cession for women aspiring to the
1933 Quecnship. These candidates
must weigh in at 105 pounds or
better today. This decision is
final, it was declared, and there
will he no exceptions to the rul
ing permitted.
