# GUARDS KILL COMMUNISTS
## 
### 
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
DACHAU, Germany, April 13 (/P)
—Guards today killed three com
munists and wounded one who were
attempting to escape from a con
centration camp.
