# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
SATURDAY
8:30 a.m.—Current knowledge and
English tests will be held in Room
50. The tests are required of till
students applying for admittance
to the Division of Teacher Train
ing.
SUNDAY
11 a.m. —Dr. D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon at the Eiister
services in the Memorial Chapel.
MONDAY
7:30 p.m.—Newman Club will hold a
farewell meeting at the Women's
Clubhouse in honor of Rev. J. D.
Ctonin
