# STUDENT PRESIDENTS OF PACIFIC COLLEGES MEET AT STANFORD
## 
### 
Representatives from fifteen Pacific j
Coast colleges and universities will j
convene at Stanford in the Annual j
Pacific Students Presidents Conven-j
tion which will open tomorrow for a j
period of three days. The association,
which is composed of presidents and
presidents-elect of coast colleges, con
venes yearly at some institution repre
sented in the organization.
Delegates will arrive tomorrow
morning and will register at the A. S.
S. U. office in the Administration i
building. Living quarters will then be
assigned. Luncheon will be served at 1
J2 o'clock in the Stanford Union. The
afternoon will be devoted to the open
ing session in the president's office,
main floor of the Administration build
ing. Dinner will be at 6 o'clock in the;
Union. Thursday evening at repre-!
sentatives will be the guests at an'
informal reception at the Kappa Kappa:
Gamma house.
At the anual conventions, questions
relative to student government, stu
dent problems, and other matters are ,
taken up and discussed. Efforts are j
made to offer solutions for problems (
of student affairs, and ideas used at j
particular colleges are discussed. In.
this way an interchange of ideas is j
accomplished, as well as means for!
settling student difficulties.
The other two days will also be de-1
voted to conferences and meetings.
Election of officers will take place at
a business meeting of the convention
during the day. Saturday the conven
tion will adjourn to Berkeley for a
visit of the University of California, i
