# Untitled Article
## 
### 
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
English Club announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Robert Cathcart
Coit Coolidge
Marian Farr
Andrews French
John Meredith Hiatt
Sallie Kinsman
Winston Norman
Margaret Olsen
Clarence Rlcklefs
Rosemary Shoemaker
► Jack Shoup
