# Untitled Article
## 
### 
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
So few votes were returned at the
sophomore and junior class elections
at Harvard that a second ballot has
been distributed.
