# GYM STAFF TO GIVE ONE-UNIT COURSE FOR ATHLETIC MANAGERS
## 
### 
Plans are being formulated to estab
lish, next fall quarter, a one-unit
course for athletic managers, Dr.
Thomas A. Storey, director of Encina
Gymnasium, announced yesterday. An
additional man will be engaged by
the department to handle the details
of the work.
The new system will in no way in
terfere with the present method of
conducting the business and of sports,
officials say. The course is simply to
be open to those who wish to receive
credit for the time spent in the work,
and is not compulsory.
The course is to be described in the
autumn quarter's announcement of
courses as follows: "162. Management
of Athletics, Standards of Sportsman
ship, and Functions of Officials for
Autumn Sports and Athletics, three
afternoons per week, classroom and
field experience."
