# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
Thirty students, all of the Class of
'27, were recently elected to Phi Beta
Kappa at Columbia University, ac
cording to the official report from the
institution.
