# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
All fourth-round tennis matches
not played off by Sunday nipht
will ho forfeited, announces Ruth
Silliman, women's tennis man
ager.
