# COUNT VON LUCKNER TO TALK TUESDAY AT COSMOPOLITAN DINNER
## 
### 
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
Count Felix von Luckner, famous
commander of the destroyer Sea Eagle
during the war, and now sailing on a
world-wide lecture tour "to bring the
good will of the German people to
every nation," will he the principal
speaker at the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet next Tuesday night at
the Cardinal Hotel, tickets for which
have been put on sale at the Old
Union and at Crandall's.
The Count began a life of adventure
at the age of thirteen when he ran
away from home and landed in Africa.
Since then he has served as sailor
under six different flags and visited
nearly every country in the world. As
commander of the Sea Eagle, Count
von Luckner made the unique war
record of capturing 1500 prisoners
and sinking nineteen vessels without
taking a single life, lie received hon
ors from both the Allied and German
armies for acts of bravery during the
World War.
