# Damsels May Pay Heavily State Doctor Issues Warning Dieting Sacrifices Health
## 
### 
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
It is not safe to be thin! Chocolate
eclairs and fudge sundaes, and plenty
of sugar in a morning cup of coffeo
may be the better part of valor now.
The thin and lithesome figure of the
popular silhouette is a dangerous
thing when cultivated artificially, at
least if the criticism of fads and falla
cies of dieting in the January Cali
fornia State Board of Health Bulletin
is taken seriously.
"Tuberculosis, anemia, and other
'wasting diseases' may be the reward
of those who try to get thin without
first consulting a physician," is the
warning of Dr. M. E. Jaffa, chief of
the State Bureau of Foods and Drugs,
in the current issue of the bulletin.
"The science of nutrition has made
great progress in the last decade, but
110 other science has suffered so in
the hands of faddists and some of
these who label and sell commercial
food and vitamin preparations."
