# BRUINS ADOPT NEW SONGS, YELLS; MAY CHANGE OLD COLORS
## 
### 
New songs, new yells, and a new
alm.i mater hymn will break the last
bonds which tie the University of
California at Los Angeles to the
Berkeley institution. New songs will
be composed for the southern univer
sity embodying the ideas and ideals
of Ihe new school. The change of
colors from Blue and Gold to some
other combination different to that
used by the Pacific Coast group of
universities is also being considered
but not definitely decided upon.
Since the action of the Student
Council, governing body of the asso
ciated students, John Phillip Sousa
has been approached to write a band
number which can be easily adopted
as a rally song. The now alma mater
song will be chosen out of a group of
songs submitted by the university
students.
