# H.D. Anderson to Talk on Soviet Education in Russia
## 
### 
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
H. D. Anderson, for several years
Y.M.C.A. secretary in Russia, will
speak on "Education in Soviet Rus
sia," at a meeting of the Education
Club Monday night at 8 o'clock in the
basement of the Women's Clubhouse.
The address will be followed by an
open discussion.
