# SCANDINAVIAN SAVANT TO PRESENT LECTURE ON LIGHTING TODAY
## 
### 
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
"Lightning" is the topic of a lecture j
to be given in Itoom 280 this morning j
at 11 o'clock by Dr. H. Noringer, di
rector of the government Lightning
Laboratory of Sweden at the Swedish
University at Upsala. All interested
students are invited to attend.
Dr. Noringer, who is the world's j
leading authority on lightning phe-j
nomena and the effectiveness of fa-'
cilities for protection from damage by ;
lightning, will visit the Stanford high !
voltage laboratory this afternoon.
