# Student Is Suspended for Opposing Military Drill
## 
### 
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
NEW YORK —(1.P.) — Alexander
Lifshitz, City College student here,
was indefinitely suspended from the
college by President Robinson for ex
pressing his views against student
military drill. He refused to recant
what he had said, although lie' ex
pressed regret that anything he said
had cast doubt on < his sincerity on
the part of the faculty.
