# On the Quiet
## 
### 
The women of the University are al
ready preparing for the gala event of
the opening of the Club House and
Union. Rubber boots, mud hooks, and
stilts are being ordered for the occa
sion. It is rumored the Governing
Hoard of the Union has ordered the
immediate construction of a pontoon
bridge.
Attendance at the Sigma Chi con
flagration last night did not come up
to the record set at. the last Pi Phi
fire-festival!
Simple Simon Says:
This campuss beautiful kampaien
ain't progressin eny to rapidly. Why
not abolish the r>oo limut? That ought
er do it.
Life in a submurine mussed be a
hull lot like livin in a place wots a
cross between a Pulman berth and a
Turkish bath.
The girl wot sez she is a-savin her
kiszes fpr the man she's asoin to mar
ry is like the man wot sez he wont eat
eat eny supper fer fear of spoilin his
brekfust.
