# Roble Club to Hold Semi-formal Dance
## 
### 
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
Roble Club will hold its summer
semi-formal August 18, Evelyn
Jameson, dance chairman, an
nounced today. The dance will be
held in the patio of the Women's
Gym, from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Norman Carroll and his orchestra
will play. Although his orchestra
is comparatively unknown to the
Farm, it is one of the better Pen
insula bands.
