# SDX Plans Annual Convention Here
## 
### 
Representing alumni and under
graduate chapters throughout the
United States, delegates to the 24th
national convention of Sigma Delta
Chi, professional journalistic fra
ternity, will convene on the campus
August 31.
Hosts to the convention will in
clude the Stanford undergraduate
chapter, the San Francisco profes
sional chapter, the University of
Southern California undergraduate
chapter, and the Los Angeles pro
fessional chapter. Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, executive head of the Divi
sion of Journalism at Stanford, is in
charge of arrangements for the
five-day convention.

A compilation of the Civil Service
Commission shows that 200 women
work as rural mail carriers in the
United States.

First midget automobile on rec
ord was exhibited at the San Fran
cisco Panama-Pacific International
Exposition in 1915.
