# DAILY Sports
## 
### 

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.

DEFENSIVE DYNAMlTE—Stanford's defensive line played its greatest game of the season in
Stanford's 14-7 win over Washington's Huskies. Here Ron Eadie, rugged defensive wingman,
pounces on a fumble by the Huskies' Dick Sprague.
