# Atlantic Pact Admiral
## 
### 
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS,
Rocquencourt, France, Oct. 29 —
Adm. William M. Fechteler, U.S.
chief of naval operations, said to
day he favors the immediate nam
ing of an American admiral as Su
preme Atlantic Pact Commander of
the North Atlantic.
