# Untitled Article
## 
### 
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
McGill University Daily of Montreal,
Canada, in an editorial, asks for men
to join the Royal Naval Flying Corps
as mechanics, especially appealing to
those who have been rejejfcted for
physical reasons from the regular
army.
