# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## 
### 
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Lost—A library volume of Ruhl'a
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Wanted —Substitute for room 39,
Roble.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—Pin with butterfly on blue
ground. Please return to Box 127.
