# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
Six students enrolled in the Univer
sity of Oklahoma were elected to the
state legislature at the last election.
