# No Wet Mail
## 
### 
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
The post office department will
hack up the dry states after pro
hibition is repealed. No liquor ads
of any kind will be permitted to go
through the mails into states that
J are dry, say Justice Department
heads.
