# KIDNAPPER?
## 
### 

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)

John Gorch (above) has been con
nected with the Lindbergh case as a
possible kidnapper of Baby Lind.v.
Police are at present trying to pry
into Gorch's safe deposit vault to
obtain papers that may incriminate
[lint. (A.P. Photo)
