# Exit
## 
### 
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
Edward 11. Sothern, 73, interna
tionally known Shakespearean actor,
died of pneumonia in his New York
hotel suite last night. His wife, Ju
lia Marlow Sothern, was at his bed
side.
