# New Servers Announced For Chrysanthemum Tea
## 
### 
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
The Chrysanthemum Tea, given
each year to raise money for schol
arship and welfare funds under the
auspices of the Stanford Mothers'
Club, has been transferred from the
Hoover home to Roble Gymnasium.
Further acceptances to serve at
the tea Wednesday, November 1, are
announced as follows: Dale Adams,
Catherine Bates, Frances Burks, Sue
Clarke, Marguerite Faires, Helen
Grover, Kathryn Hails, Beatrice
Haslicher, Louise Harlan, Gwendo
lyn Hitts, Louise Howell, Virginia
Koim, Betty Lyman, Betty McClin
tock, Claire Mitchell, Jeanne Mil
lard, Mary Parker, Jean Reynolds,
Joella White, and Lucy Yost.
Tickets now on sale at the A.S.
S.U. offices are $1 apiece. Dr. Ber
tha Dyment announces that all gym
classes will be excused Wednesday.
