# Adv. 79 Page 27
## 
### 
NTE RMISSION
Andrew Curry
Managing Editor/Intermission
oversees the copy and production
of the Intermission section
intermission@daily Stanford edu
Lauren Russell and Zach Udko
Intermission Editors
oversee section content and
manage the Intermission section
irtermission@daily. Stanford edu
Steven Raphael
Senior Music Critic
oversees assignment of music copy
in the section and coordinates
publicist information
intermission@dailv.Stanford edu
Daniel Libardi & Natacha Poggio
Graphic and Layout Editors
brainstorm and design graphics
foi Intermission section; coordinate
and design layout for the section
inteimission@aaily. Stanford, edu
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone (650)725-2100x503
Fax: (650) 725-1329
E-mail: intermissionÂ®daily.stanford.edu
