# Public Relations
## 
### 
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
Interviews for (lie position of
director of the Publications Com
mittee \«ill lie held today from 'I
to 3 in the Public Relations of
fice, third floor of (he Union.
Interested applicants wlio can- j
not he present at this time should
leave their names ,il the ASSIJ I
nfHpe or at the Public Relations
Committee office.
