# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of lit** day
before publication.
