# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
Walsteris
MONTH END SALE
Friday and Saturday
Complete store - wide clear
ance of all incomplete stocks
of merchandise
Remnants Vz off
Garments V 3 to V 2 off
XX/alsterX;
355 University Ave.
