# Local Men Design Television Tubes
## 
### 
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
Better television images are ex
pected to result from an improved
design of television cathode ray
tubes provided by Professor Carl
Spangenbei'g and Lester M. Field
from their experimentation in the
University's communication labora
tory.
Professor Spangenberg described
the theory to the Institute of Radio
Engineers at the convention in De
troit yesterday.
