# Road Improvement Nears Completion
## 
### 
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
The campus construction is about l
finished, according to James W.
McDonnell, superintendent of build
ings and grounds. The finishing
touches are being put on the land
scaping around the Hoover Library,

•and the roads are in the next-to
final stage.
The dusty, graveled condition of
the streets will have to remain
through the summer as two or three
months are needed to improve roads.
