# Stanford Choir Invites Musicians
## 
### 
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
Musicians among the faculty and
student body—and that means in
strumentalists as well as vocalists —
have been invited to unite in form
ing a choir and orchestra for Me
morial Church services.
"We want to avail ourselves of the
good musical talent that is sure to
be here on the campus this summer
among students and faculty mem
bers," Dr. Warren D. Allen, Univer
sity organist and chairman of the
division of music, said yesterday.
"We would like to augment our
choir with orchestral instrumenta
tion," he added.
Choir rehearsals will be at 7:15
Thursday evenings starting tonight
and will be followed by 10 o'clock
rehearsals each Sunday morning.
Hopes were expressed for the per
formance of a program of sacred
music late in the quarter.
