# Nestorians to Feast Monday Evening.
## 
### 
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
The regular first semester banquet,
of the Nestoria Literary Society will
be held Monday evening at 10 o'clock
at Ogiers. President S. A. Lindauer,
'10, will act as master-of-ceremonies
and toasts will be given by several
of the .prominent members of the so
ciety.
