# TWO CLUBS TO MEET TOMORROW.
## Olympics and Barbarians Play for State Championship in San Francisco. 
### 
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
To-morrow the Barbarians and
Olympics will play for the stale cham
pionship at the Presidio Athletic
Field in San Francisco. An extremely
even match is looked for, since both
teams have equally strong lifteens
this year. The Olympics have lost
their captain, John O. Miller, 'OS,
through an injury, and this will re
duce the strength of the winged mer
cury team by a marked degree. In
terest in the game for Stanford and
California is added by the fact that
many former stars of both universities
are playing on the two teams to-mor
row. On the Olympic Club fifteen are:
G. L. Goodell, ex-'O9, at wing for
ward. B. E. Erb, '12, half, C. F. Lau
meister, '07, five-eights, A. A. Molfino,
'07, and.1. F. Brennan, ex-'O7, for
wards. Among the Barbarians are
four California, alumni: E. P. Smith,
three-quarters, R. S. Sorenson, three
quarters, S. Twitchell, W. Fairbanks,
and A. L. Munn, forwards. The Olym
pics are using the old formation of
seven scrum, while the Barbarians use
two halves.
