# Y.M.C.A. PLANS LARGE MEETING.
## H.A. Wilbur to Speak Before Association Next Sunday at 7:30 in the Chapel. 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
The Y. M. C. A. week of prayer will
end with the third regular monthly
meeting to lie held in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Association is planning to make this
the biggest meeting of the semester
and have secured a very aide speakej
in the person of H. A. "Wilbur, or
Dayton, Ohio, who will make the ad
dress of the evening. He will take
as his subject, "From Dayton to
Kobe," and will give an instructive
talk on the Association's work in the
cities lying between these two dis
tant places.
Wilbur is a graduate of the Ohio
Wesleyan University with the class of
1900. Since graduation he has been
general secretary of the Dayton Y. M.
C. A. and has become known all over
the continent as one or the Associa
tion's foremost workers. He has had
a great deal of experience with col
lege students and will appeal to the
men here. He is now on his way to
Japan to take charge of the Y. M. C. A.
work at Kobe.
During the evening the Association
quartet will sing. All members and
their friends are asked to attend.
