# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Mackenzie of San Francisco will
preach next Sunday.
It is announced that ex President
Harrison will deliver a course of lect
ures at the University of Michigan.
Prof. Thoburn will start a liible class
in the Old Testament next Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. The class will
meet in room 80.
Dr. Mackenzie of San Francisco will
preach next Sunday.
It is announced that ex President
Harrison will deliver a course of lect
ures at the University of Michigan.
Prof. Thoburn will start a liible class
in the Old Testament next Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. The class will
meet in room 80.
Dr. Mackenzie of San Francisco will
preach next Sunday.
It is announced that ex President
Harrison will deliver a course of lect
ures at the University of Michigan.
Prof. Thoburn will start a liible class
in the Old Testament next Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. The class will
meet in room 80.
Dr. Mackenzie of San Francisco will
preach next Sunday.
It is announced that ex President
Harrison will deliver a course of lect
ures at the University of Michigan.
Prof. Thoburn will start a liible class
in the Old Testament next Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock. The class will
meet in room 80.
