# UNIVERSITY CLUB ANNUAL DIRECTORY ISSUED IN SOUTH
## 
### 
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
The annual directory issued by the
University Club of Pasadena contains
investigations showing that 124 educa
tional institutions in this and other
countries are represented by 400 mem
bers of the University Club of Pasa
dent. Stanford University leads in the
number of graduates or former stu
dents belonging to the local club with
a total of 40. Harvard University
comes second with 33; the University
of California third with 27; Cornell
fourth with 24, and the University of
Southern California fifth with 21.
Seven universities in other countries
are represented in the club member
ship. There are two members who
have studied at Oxford, and one each
at the University of Paris, Trinity
College, London; the University of
Stockholm, McGill University and the
University of Toronto, Can., and the
University of Utrecht, Holland. Three
members are graduates of the United
States Military Academy at West
Point and one is a graduate of the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
The following is a complete list of
the universities and colleges repre
sented, with the number from each:
Stanford 40, Harvard 33, California
27, Cornell 24, U. S. C. 21, Michigan 20i,
Pensylvania 14, Columbia 14, Massa
chusetts Tech 13, Yale 10, Chicago 10,
Princeton 10, Minnesota 9, Pomona 9,
Rush Medical 9, Northwestern 9, Wis
consin 8, Illinois 7, Williams 7, Wes
leyan 6, Occidental 5, Oregon Agricul
tural 5, Kansas 5, Amherst 5, lowa
5, Dartmouth 4, Johns Hopkins 4, Le
high 4, California Tech 4, New York 4,
Union 3, Earlham 3, Armour Institute
of Technology 3, West Point 3, Lake
Forest 3, Washington 3, Trinity 3,
Colorado 3.
Two each: George Washington, Case,
Ohio, Maryland, New York College of
Dentistry, Missouri, Stevens Institute
of Technology, Toronto, Vanderbilt,
Boston, Rensselaer Polytechnic Insti
tute, Oxford, Nebraska, Southern Cali
fornia College Osteopathic Physicians
and Surgeons, Brown, Rutgers
One each: Maine, Paris, Illinois Phy
sicians and Surgeons, Northeastern,
Pittsburgh, Bethany, Georgia, Rich
mond, Trinity (London), Rochester,
Acadia, Bates, Mississippi, Jefferson
Medical, Grinnell, Simpson, Norwich,
Greenville, Haverford, Annapolis, At
lanta Southern Dental College, Wof
ford, Tulane, Worcester, Willamette,
Indiana, San Francisco College Physi
cians and Surgeons, Bellevue Hospital
Medical College, Wilmington, National
Normal, Cooper Medical, Cleveland
Medical, Colgate, Hamilton, Drexel In
stitute, Kentucky, Wheaton, Philadel
phia Dental, Baltimore Dental, Wy
cliffe, Utrecht, University of the South,
Michigan State Normal, Suffolk Law
School, Cincinnati, Shurtleff, Louis
ville Medical, Southern California Col
lege of Osteopathy, Shutte, Virginia,
Stockholm, Wabash, Buffalo, North
Carolina, Allegheny, Columbus, To
kio, Monmouth, Randolph, Still, Ober
lin, McGill, Oregon, Ohio Wesleyan,
Lafayette, Knox, Elizabethtown, Ver
mont, Miami, Beloit, Albany Law.
