# ANNUAL UPKEEP GIFT MADE FOR HERBARIUM
## 
### 
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
An annual gift of $500 for five years
for use in upkeep of the Dudley Her
barium has been promised the Univer
sity by Harry Dudley of Duluth, Minn.,
and Ernest G. Dudley of Visalia, ne
phews of the late William Russell
Dudley, first professor of botany at
Stanford.
Both the donors attended Stanford.
Harry Dudley was a student here one
year, then transferring to Harvard
University, where he took his degree.
Ernest G. Dudley graduated from Stan
ford.
The herbarium was named for Pro
fessor Dudley, whose final illness com
menced while he was touring Persia,
studying the trees of that country. He
died in 1911, soon after retiring from
acfive teaching. The donors of the
gift for development of the herbarium
which bears their uncle's name have
placed no restrictions on expenditure
of the funds, which will be determined
by Professor Leßoy Abrams, once a
student under Professor Dudley.
