# Big Meet Ticket Sale Will End Saturday
## 
### 
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
Regular sales of stludents' rooters'
tickets for the Big Meet will be con
ducted at the Administration building
from 12:45 until 2 o'clock Friday, and
from J) until 12 o'clock Saturday morn-
J ing.
1 Students are requested to get their
(pasteboards as soon as possible.
