# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock Manager
Wilccx will place on sale at the
Bookstore tickets for an observation
train which will follow both the Var
sity and Freshmen crew races. An
nouncement of connections from Palo
Alto for this observation special will
lie made tomorrow.
