# BASEBALL ROOKIES LEARN HOW IT'S DONE
## 
### 

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.

Scores of youngsters who aspire to big league lobs are enrolled at a baseball school In Los Angeles
where big leaguers and ex-stars teach them fine points of the game. Jess W. Orndorff (extreme left) is
shown here with a class. On the "faculty" are Mike Gazella, "Rube" Ellis, Charlie Root, Hy West, AI
Summers, Babe Herman and Chet Chadbourne.
