# FRANCE TO REDUCE ARMAMENT IF NAVY RATIO DECIDED NOW
## 
### 
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
PARIS, Jan. 21.—When France sits
in at the disarmament conference
next month, the Associated Press
was informed today in an official
source, her delegates will offer to
participate in reduction of naval
armaments on condition that there
is an acceptable preliminary accord
fixing the ratio of naval forces with
regard to the geographical needs of
the several powers.
This would mean first that France
and Italy would have to reach an
agreement concerning their respec
tive forces, an accord which they
have not yet been able to achieve.
The French delegation will be pre
pared to approve any project for
reducing the size of battleships as
fixed by the Washington Conference,
but France still believes that the
submarine is the best weapon for
the defence of her coast.
