# LOUIS EXPECTS TUSSLE
## 
### 
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
POMPTON LAKES, N.J., Dec. 1
(UP).—Joe Louis said today that ho
expects Jersey Joe Walcott to give
him a hard fight Friday night.
