# COUNCIL MEETING
## 
### 
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
Inlcrfraternity Council will meet
today at 5 p.m. at the Delta Upsilon
house instead of the 7:150 time as
previously announced.
