# Engineers to Sponsor DC Mechanism Talk
## 
### 
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
Basic DC. mechanisms and ac
cessories will be discussed by Law
rence F. Parachini of the Weston
Electrical Instruments Corp. under
the title "Behind the Instrument
Dial" tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Parachini's talk will be sponsored
by the Stanford chapter of the In
stitute of Radio Engineers and the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers. Any student may attend.
