# Worldwide News Briefs from United Press
## Reaction 'Very Good' For Governor Warren 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1 (UP).-
Thc Governor's ofTicc today dis
closed that. Gov. Earl Warren has
received favorable comments and
offers of help on his Presidential
candidacy from persons in 23 of
the 48 states.
His office said it was felt the re
action was "very Rood" to the an
nouncement that Warren is a can
didate for the Republican Presiden
tial nomination.
