# ENCINA 4-E WINS, 20-19
## 
### 
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
In one of the most exciting mural
cage contests of the season, Encina
2E topped Encina 4E, 20 to 19, to
capture fii at place in their league.
