# Lake Lag
## 
### 
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
Water intake last two days — 9
million gallons
Total to date—93 million gallons
Percentage of lake filled—79 per
cent
Still lacking—2s million gallons
Capacity—l IS million gallons
Tuesday's rainfall amounted to
.4.'} inch, a scant .13 inch below
the .50 inch recorded last week
end. Assistant Engineer Carl
Maicr said the runolY from these
two rains should almost lill La
gunita within the next few days.
