# Army Offers New Vet Commissions
## 
### 
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
Veterans who are interested in
applying for Regular Army com
missions under a new procurement
policy Will have an opportunity to
discuss the program with Capt. A.
P. Valtakis. district procurement
officer, in interviews tomorrow.
Under the new plan, veterans be
tween the ages of 21 to 27 who have
completed one year of service be
tween Dec. 7, 1941, and Sept. 2.
1945, and who will be awarded a
baccalaureate degree prior to June
30, 1949, are eligible for immediate
commission as second lieutenants.
Interviews with Capt. Valtakis
will take place all day in basement j
room 7 of the Education Building.
Arrangements for interviews should
be made as soon as possible at the
Appointment Service, Temporary
Building C.
