# Additional Cal Game Tickets Sell Today
## 
### 
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
Tickets for Friday night's bas
ketball game with Cal — 500 of
them, both student and general
admission—have been returned by
LC and will go on sale this
morning at 8:150 at the ticket win
dow in the SAC.
Student tickets will sell for 50
cents with a student body card.
One person may present only two
cards. General admission tickets
are $1.50.
