# Daily Sports
## 
### 

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.

FRED TEN EYCK, classy Card
l<i5-poundcr, has been one of the
mainstays of Ray Lunny's varsity
canvas corps this year. Fred will
meet Cal's Irv Tucker in Friday's
night's fistic carnival with the
Bears at Berkeley.
