# Men's Faculty Club To Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will hold
ts monthly buffet supper Friday
light at 0:30 in the Faculty Club
louse, secretary David Jacobson
mnounced yesterday.
Mrs. Fred Glover, secretary of the
"acuity Wives' Club, reminds all
nembers that the club will meet on
vlnrch 4 at 3 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
