# Branner Tea
## 
### 
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
Branner gave the first tea in the
history of the • dormitory yesterday
to honor outgoing officers and spon
sors. The tea took place in the
Branner lobby with each resident
acting as a hostess. Among special
guests at the affair were Roble
sponsors and both old and new
presidents of other women's houses.
