# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
It was "no contest" out on the
Sunken Diamond agains yesterday
afternoon as the clouds opened up
and washed Stanford's fourth con
test of the year.
