# LIBRARY ROOKS
## 
### 
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
The Main Library has requested
that all students who have checked
out books, return them on or be
fore Dec. 18. All payments due the
Library should be made by then
also.
