# 3-D Movie Sound Explained Tonight
## 
### 
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
Ampex Electric Corporation will
demonstrate stereophonic sound
(3-D) in Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
Stanford graduate Jack Houser
will explain the demonstration.
Stereophonic % sound is the system
now being used with Cinema Scope.
All faculty and students are in
vited to attend the program, which
is being sponsored by the Institute
of Radio Engineers and the Ameri
can Institute of Electrical Engi
neers.
