# KZSU to Provide Study Mood Music
## 
### 
KZSU will inaugurate a new
broadcast policy during dead and
final weeks, it was announced yes
terday. This policy will consist of
the unsilenci'ng «112 the KZSU air
waves during this period to broad
cast "Final Finale" from 7 to 11,
Monday through Thursday eve
nings. This will be a program of
continuous classical music, designed
to provide an uninterrupted back
ground of mood music for studying.
*No other programs except this will
be broadcast for these two weeks.
KZSU will resume its regular
broadcasting schedule at the begin
ning of next quarter.

7:oo—Friday Night Request Time
7:4s—Lucky News Room
X:oo—Friday Night Request Time
10:45—Let's Look at Sports
11.00—News
11:05—Sign off
