# RUSSIAN PLAYS
## 
### 
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
Excerpts from three short stories
by Chekhov and Zoschenko will be
presented in play form by second-
Near Russian students next Wed
nesday at 4 p.m. in Room 30 of
Temporary Building C. The stu
dents are under the direction of
Mrs. Sana Kliachko.
