# CALIFORNIA TEAM GETS NEW SET OF SIGNALS
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Oct. 2.
fied with the poor offense shown by
his gridders in their "victory by
errors" over Santa Clara last Satur
day, Coach Nibs Price today sent his
University of California squad i
through a brand new set of signals.
Price had hoped to get by the pro
conference games with a few familiar
formations, but indicated today that
his hopes had been blasted by the
inability of the Bears to gain ground
from scrimmage against the Broncos.
A varied attack, including possibly i
one or two "trick" plays, may be
launched against St. Mary's Satur
day.
The lone casualty of the Santa
Clara game was disclosed yesterday
when Harold Breckonride, substitute
quarterback, reported a strained
shoulder. He will he out of practice
for several days.
