# FUTURE WAR TO HAVE MUCH CAVALRY ACTION
## 
### 
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
PARIS (/p) —Extensive cavalry ac
tion in future warfare was forecast
in the French army's fall maneuvers
in the Rhineland.
Calvalry is one of the principal
problems occupying the attention of
army chiefs. They point out that com
plete ignorance prevails on this
branch of defense and about many
other tactical questions, because the
Inst great struggle was a war of
trenches.
