# UZCUDUN MEETS VON PORAT
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (£>)—Paulino
Uzcudun, Spanish heavyweight, will
head the next heavyweight boxing
card at Madison Square Garden, No
vember 5, meeting Otto Von Porat of
Chicago in the feature ten-rounder.
