# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A due sense of propriety would
dictate a more careful use of the
towels which are placed in tin
men's toilet room. If those who
frequent that room must have
something to wipe their feet upon,
it would he well for the University
authorities to provide a wire mat
for that purpose.
A due sense of propriety would
dictate a more careful use of the
towels which are placed in tin
men's toilet room. If those who
frequent that room must have
something to wipe their feet upon,
it would he well for the University
authorities to provide a wire mat
for that purpose.
A due sense of propriety would
dictate a more careful use of the
towels which are placed in tin
men's toilet room. If those who
frequent that room must have
something to wipe their feet upon,
it would he well for the University
authorities to provide a wire mat
for that purpose.
A due sense of propriety would
dictate a more careful use of the
towels which are placed in tin
men's toilet room. If those who
frequent that room must have
something to wipe their feet upon,
it would he well for the University
authorities to provide a wire mat
for that purpose.
A due sense of propriety would
dictate a more careful use of the
towels which are placed in tin
men's toilet room. If those who
frequent that room must have
something to wipe their feet upon,
it would he well for the University
authorities to provide a wire mat
for that purpose.
