# Ticket Sales Start For Spring Show
## 
### 
Block ticket sales are currently
under way for the Spring Show,
"Out of This World," and will
continue until April 19, according
to Jim Kennedy, Ram's Head in
formation director.
The tickets are selling for
$1.50, $1.25 and $1. Spring Show
is scheduled in Memorial Audi
torium May 15-18.
Twenly or more seats are nec
essary for block ticket rates and
a purchase of block seat tickets
for either the Wednesday or
Thursday show will result In a
rebate of 10 per cent after the
show.
Block seat orders will be filled
in order of date of postmark,
with none being accepted with a
postmark after April 18. Any
living group which did not re
ceive a letter about block tickets
is requested to contact the Ram's
Head office or write to Box 830,
Stanford.
