# LASSU Appoints Representatives
## 
### 
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
Legislature Wednesday flight
appointed Don Shoup to be Stern
representative and .lim Skelly to
ho Men's Council representative
for iho rest of the quarter and
not for just two weeks, as was
reported in yesterday's Daily.
