# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
Lathrop House announces the
engagement of Donna Dellwig,
'58, to Chuck Hancock, Sigma Al
pha Epsilon.
