# UN 						Ambassadors To Visit Stanford On California Trip
## 
### 
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
Stanford will be lipst to 21 am
bassadon? to the Organization of
American States, a regional body
within the UN, Tuesday, April ft
The ambassadors are on a sev
en-day visit to California in ob
servanee of Pan American Week
Their schedule includes an in
spectiorp of the Hoover Institute
and Library, where they will be
greeted by President' Wallace
Sterling, and a reception at the
home of Professor Ronald Hil
ton. Director of Hispanic Ameri
can Studies,
Following the reception the
ambassadors will lunch at the
Union, where Dr. Fernando Lobo
of Brazil and Dr. Jose A. Morn
will speak for the OAS. This
visit coincides with the tenth an
niversary of the Hispanic Ameri
can Report. Hilton will describe
the Report at the luncheon.
