# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
STATION
WAGON
JACKETS
$6.50
These new flannel jackets
have full yoke and sleeve
with patch pockets and
saddle stitching. Some of
the best colors are bright
red, beige, brown, navy
and Kelley green.
Walsterk
Masonic Temple Bid*.
