# FUEHRER, DUCE PLAN 'NEW ORDER'
## 
### 

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.

A "NEW ORDER" for the rest of the world, with defeat of the British paramount, was the subject foi
discussion at this historic meeting in a railway car at Brenner Pass, which separates Italy from Germany
Left to right: German Foreign Minister Joachim von Rihbentrop, Italy's Benito Mussolini, and Reichsfuch
rer Adolph Hitler.
