# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## THREE REASONS FOR STANFORD'S WIN 
### JERRY BRUCKER, Sports Editor 


THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.



THREE BIG REASONS for Stanford's 7-(i upset ove. - the Santa Clara Broncos Saturday were these stal
warts in the Indian lineup. Left to right: Quarterback Frankic Albert, End Fred Meyer, and Sophomore
Tackle Bruno Banducci.

