# New Mexico Guard Displays Versatility
## 
### 
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N.M., Oct. 13
(UP). — John Luksich, 184-pound
New Mexico University guard, is a
versatile lellow. He works after
classes and football practice as a
bartender, and during the summer
vacation was employed at his home
town of Midland. Pa., turning out
bar steel for aircraft motors and
shells at a finishing mill.
