# Hotel Plans
## 
### 
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
' The Palo Alto Planning
Commission Wednesday night
approved plans for a $5 million,
280-room hotel at University
Avenue and El Camino Real.
Plans for the Holiday Inn had
come before the commission first
in September and were rejected.
Since then, the plans have been
slightly modified to reduce the
building height from six to four
stories and decreasing the total

area of the site occupied by the
hotel.
Palo Alto has already signed a
lease for the land with the
developer, subject to the approval
of the City Council and the
planning commission. The Council
will consider the issue November
1.
The site is at the Old
Corporation Yard near the
railroad tracks in Palo Alto.
