# Thanksgiving Show.
## 
### 
The announcement that Stan
ford had been successful in obtain
ing the Columbia Theatre for
Thanksgiving night has aroused
considerable interest. For Alice
Nielsen's company, which will ap
pear that night in the popular
comic opera, "The Singing Girl," is
the best on the road. Alice Niel
sen, the prima donna, h;is made a
great hit in the East, and her com
ing to the Coast has been looked
forward to with eagerness. The
company is a strong one, and num
bers among it such people as Rich
ard Cowles of the famous Bostonian
Company.
Seats for the show < will be on

sale Thursday at the Bookstore.
While the night will be strictly a
Stanford one, only a limited num
ber of seats will be sold down here.
Prices have been fixed at one dol
lar and one dollar and a half.
