# Musical Clubs' Concert.
## 
### 
The Varsity musical clubs, to
gether with the Girls' Olee and
Mandolin clubs, made their initial
appearance of the year before a
Stanford audience in the Assembly
Hall Friday evening. The advance
sale of tickets had been very brisk,
but was offset by the night being
the stormiest of the season, so that
there was but a meagre attendance.
But enthusiasm was not lacking.
Every number received an encore,
and frequently the audience was
not satisfied until the performers
had appeared upon the stage for
the third time. For their first ap
pearance, the club work was reason
ably good. Both Glee Clubs showed
results of faithful practice, and
sang in perfect harmony. The
mandolin selections were invari
ably encored. The individual per
formances of Gilman, Corbusier,
and Olshausen were essential fea
tures of the program, and the addi
tion to the repertoire of the two
Stanford songs, "Rush the Ball
Along," and "One, Two, Three,
Four," are destined to popularity.
The entertainment concluded
with a farce, "A Twenty Minute
Exposure," which probably was in
tended to supply the element for
merly infused into the program by
the monologues of Frank Branch
Riley, '00. The farce was witty
and comical in spots, but much
of it fell rather flat. Too many
people were on the stage at once,
and the action was dragged out in
terminably. The piece should be
gone over again and much of it
eliminated if it is to be made a
successful feature.
