# Lecture Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Foster of
Washington, 1). C., will address
such students as may be able to
attend in the chapel at 1:80 p.m.
on Tuesday, November 20th. Mrs.
Foster is a practicing lawyer, pres
ident of the Woman's National
Republican Association, and a wo
man of unusual gifts as a public
speaker.
