# Members Named To Aid Committee
## 
### 
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
Stanford has named eight mid-
Peninsula residents to serve as
its representatives on the North
ern California Committee for the
Council for Financial Aid to Edu
cation.
Committee Chairman A. James
McCollum said the council was
organized to increase public
awareness of the need for addi
tional classrooms, instructors and
equipment to handle growing en
rollment at colleges and univer
sities.
The representatives are Eu
gene C. Bishop, Thomas Ohliger,
Marshall Virello, Sherman D.
Gardner, L. YV. Lane Jr., Barney
McClure, Sanderson Smith and
Jack S. McDowell.
All work for publications or
promotional organizations or
handle promotion for their firms.
