# ORGANIZATION MEETINGS
## 
### 
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
The varsity baseball organiza
tion meeting will be held at 4:15
p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 16, in
Room 50 of the BAC according to
freshman baseball coach Mickey
Holzman. The frosh organization
confab will be held on the follow
ing day at the same time and
place.
