# "Old Mem Court Is Falling Down'
## 
### 
Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

Sandstone arches of the east and west arcades
along- Memorial Court arc being shored up tem
porarily with timbers prior to renovation of the
ceiling and roof structures. Tile will be removed
and a waterproof membrane installed. Timbers

O
will remain in place until the job can l»«> com
pleted after the rainy season. The work is p:ti t
of a continuing renovation program for ifnni
buildings.
—Daily Photo by < amille de Campos

