# Soccer Team To Play Saturday.
## 
### 
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
The first of a series of soccer foot
ball games will be played next Satur
day afternoon, when the gymnasium
team will meet the formidable Bar
barian ten, of San Francisco. The
majority of the visitors are members
of last season's Barbarian Rugby fif
teen and are well known here.
The game will be played at 4:30 on
the Gymnasium field. After the con
test the members of the teams will
dine at. the Tnn.
