# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
FOR SPIRITED
SPRING ENSEMBLES
"SPECTATOR"
BELTS
Criterion Original as Seen
in Vogue.
A fine leather belt in soft
pastels . . . tense vivid
tones . . . black, navy,
white. Crosgrain lined.
Sells for $1.50
Xfl/alsteris
355 University Phone 4114
