# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
SECRETARIES
WHO SUCCEED . . .
. . . that's the description of
CRACE BALL SCHOOL grad
uates.
WHY?
First—Crace Ball trained sec
retaries receive the most com
prehensive, thorough secretar
ial foundation in the West.
Second — Crace Ball trained
secretaries get jobs — every
graduate to date has been
placed.
Third—Crace Ball trained sec
retaries hold their jobs, and
progress to better ones.
Fourth—Leading businessmen
constantly ask for more C B
secretaries, offer us more posi
tions than we have graduates
to fill them.
There are many reasons for the
unequalled success, the greater
earning power of Crace Ball
secretaries. Let us tell you
about them, show you proof.
Come in today.
GRfICEj^SCHOOL
I SECRETARIAL TRAINING I
COMPLETE COMMERCIAL COURSES I
58 SUTTER ST. • SAN FRANCISCO M
