# Music Festival Begins Today
## 
### 
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
Today, the Mozart Festival, pre
sented by the Stanford Division of
Music as a part of the Fiftieth An
niversary celebration, will begin
with a chamber music concert in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
Sixteen student players of wood
wind, brass, string instruments, and
piano will present a program of un
usual variety. Not since the Roth
Ensemble played the Bach-Branden
burg Concertos has there been a
more varied program of chamber
music performers on one program.
Since the festival is commemorat
ing the 150 th anniversary of the
death of Mozart, all of the music
which is to be played in this and
subsequent programs will be that
written by Mozart.
Tomorrow night, as the last pro
gram of the Tuesday Evening Series,
the Stanford Symphony orchestra,
assisted by Kato Mendelssohn, piano
soloist, and conducted, as was the
chamber music concert, by Ferenc
Molnar, will play the Don Giovanni
overture, a Concerto in D Minor,
and the Jupiter Symphony in C
Major.
Miss Mendelssohn, who is the
great granddaughter of the composer
Felix Mendelssohn, will be making
her third performance on the Farm,
her other two appearances having
been made in February and March
of 1940.
Thursday night the comic opera
"Cosi Fan Tutte" will performed in
a shortened form by a faculty cast.
The festival will conclude when the
choir sings the Requiem Mass in
Latin on Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.
