# MARSHALL MANAGES
## 
### 
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
IDAHO FALLS, May 25 (UP).—
Managership of the Idaho Falls Rus
sets will be taken over Monday by
Eddie Marshall, former Portland in
fielder.
