# Junior Class Meeting.
## 
### 
A meeting of the Class of '9'.) was
called to order inthe Physics lect
ure - room today by President
Schwartz. Nominations for officers
for the ensuing semester weremade.
It was also suggested that the mem
bers of the class take an active in
terest in the lecture which Dr. Jor
dan is to deliver for the benefit of
the '1)9 Annual on Friday, Septem
ber '24.
The nominations were as follows:
President, I). E. MacKinnon; first
vice-president, B. 10. Filcher; second
vice-president, Miss Frances Tucker;
secretary, J. E. McDowell; treas
urer, S. P. Elias, M. C. Leventritt,
and Garth Parker; football mana
ger, T. T. C. Gregory and Erie
Veuve; sergeant-at-arnm, C. E.
Schwartz; class council, Ralph Ar
nold, R. E. Filcher, C. E. Schwartz,
C. M. Bradley, Garth Parker, Miss
Tucker, and Miss Leslie.
