# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Not its perfect color but its won
derful milling and peculiar chem
ical properties make Hanlc Stock
Paper valuable. 11 saves, strength
ens, and relieves the sight. Get the
genuine, Hold it to the Light, and
see the water-mark, "Hank Stock."
For sale by all dealers and the
Mysell-Kollins Co., 22 Clay St., San
Francisco. Jobbers.
Not its perfect color but its won
derful milling and peculiar chem
ical properties make Hanlc Stock
Paper valuable. 11 saves, strength
ens, and relieves the sight. Get the
genuine, Hold it to the Light, and
see the water-mark, "Hank Stock."
For sale by all dealers and the
Mysell-Kollins Co., 22 Clay St., San
Francisco. Jobbers.
Not its perfect color but its won
derful milling and peculiar chem
ical properties make Hanlc Stock
Paper valuable. 11 saves, strength
ens, and relieves the sight. Get the
genuine, Hold it to the Light, and
see the water-mark, "Hank Stock."
For sale by all dealers and the
Mysell-Kollins Co., 22 Clay St., San
Francisco. Jobbers.
Not its perfect color but its won
derful milling and peculiar chem
ical properties make Hanlc Stock
Paper valuable. 11 saves, strength
ens, and relieves the sight. Get the
genuine, Hold it to the Light, and
see the water-mark, "Hank Stock."
For sale by all dealers and the
Mysell-Kollins Co., 22 Clay St., San
Francisco. Jobbers.
Not its perfect color but its won
derful milling and peculiar chem
ical properties make Hanlc Stock
Paper valuable. 11 saves, strength
ens, and relieves the sight. Get the
genuine, Hold it to the Light, and
see the water-mark, "Hank Stock."
For sale by all dealers and the
Mysell-Kollins Co., 22 Clay St., San
Francisco. Jobbers.
