# CREW OF FIVE LOST ON BARGE OFF MIAMI
## 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 9. i/l'l — The
barge "Northern Light" sank in
heavy seas off Cary Fort reef below
Miami early today. One man of the
crcw of five was rescued. Search
ing parties looked without success
for other members of the crew,
Commander R. L. Jacks of the Coast
Guard base at Fort Lauderdale re
ported.
He said an airplane was sent to
day from the Keywest naval station
to look for the missing seamen. The
Coast Guard boat Perry, operating
in the vicinity of Palm Bcach, was
dispatched to the Florida Keys to
aid in the hunt.
