# PROFESSOR SEWARD WILL ADDRESS CLUB
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
Professor and Mrs. Samuel S.
Seward will provide the entertain
ment for a meeting of the English
Review Club to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Seward will sing a group of
English songs, which will be intro
duced with a discussion by Pro
fessor Seward.
The meeting was originally sched
uled to meet at the home of Dr.
Arthur G. Kennedy tonight and was
so announced in the University
Weekly Calendar.
