# DEAN YOST AT HOME
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to 1 acuity and students
Wednesday from 4 to G o'clock. This
is the first of the regular informal
gatherings which are held through
out the year. New students are
especially invited to her home, 532
Lasuen.
