# STUART DELIVERING LECTURES IN HAWAII
## 
### 
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
According to a letter received re
cently by Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell, head of the Department of Po
litical Science, Professor Henry Gra
ham Stuart, of the same department,
is having a wonderful time flying
frpm one island to another in the
Hawaiian Islands, and delivering
lectures on international affairs at
his slopping places. He finds that
airplanes furnish the best means of
travel between the islands.
Stuart expects to return to the
Stanford campus about Christmas
time, according to Cottrell.
