# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
The University of Washington Daily
has published the peculiarly erroneous
information that the Stanford faculty
has endorsed hazing. Should others
have drawn similar conclusions from
recent statements in the Daily Palo
Alto, we would say that the Stanford
faculty never has and, we hope, never
will endorse those customs within the
general acceptation of the word, haz
ing.
