# Untitled Article
## 
### 
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
-Dr. B. O. Foßter of the Latin
department has returned to the
University from the East, where he
was called by the death of his par
ents.
