# Exhibits at Museum.
## 
### 
Mr. Peterson, curator of the
Museum, and his assistants, are
engaged at present in sorting and
classifying the material which was
sent to the Museum by Mrs. Stan
ford just before she left on her trip
to the Orient. This collection con
sists in the main of books belong
ing to the Lathrop family, and
historical records and letters and
many manuscripts relating to the
personal life of . Senator Stanford.
As nearly everything will be placed
in the Memorial Room, it has been
necessary to add several new cases.
Among the new things to be
placed on view is a series of auto
graph letters from Lieutenant Gen
eral Schofield, Princess Marie Ros
pigliose, Edwin Arnold, Wade
Hampton, Elizabeth Cady Stanton,
Robert Bonner, Leon Bonnat,
Chauncey Depew, Clara Barton,
M. Schliemann, Mrs. Logan, and
Dennis Kearney. There is a reso
lution of sympathy sent to Mrs.
Stanford at the time that the suit
was brought against her estate,
signed by fifty of the members of
the United States Senate. The
certificate granted to Leland Stan
ford by the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin, admitting him to the
practice of law in that state, is
among the documents. Many
passports which were issued to the
Senator and Mrs. Stanford while on
their travels through Europe are on
view. In another case is an old
insurance policy which was issued
to the father of Mrs. Stanford in
1828, as well as a number of the
manuscripts of sermons written by
Rev. James Fenn, the great-grand
father of Mrs. Stanford.
Information has been received
which has enabled those in charge
to name many of the heretofore
unidentified daguerrotypes which
are in some of the cases. Mr.
Peterson is collecting all the poems
which were written in commenora
tion of the deaths of Senator Stan
ford and his son, many of which
have already been gathered. He
is also making an effort to secure
the manuscripts of the stories
about the early history of the Uni
versity which the English Club is
preparing to publish in book form.
