# Addressed Collegiate Alumnae.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
At a meeting of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae at Sorosis
Hall, San Francisco, last Saturday,
David S. Snedden, assistant profes
sor of Education, gave an address
on "The Relation of the Public Li
brary to the Public School in Cali
fornia, from the Standpoint of the
Schools." There was a large attend
ance of Stanford women at the
meeting, and a very interesting
literary program was carried out.
The usual social part of the pro
gram followed the literary meeting.
