# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
—GeorgeC. Casey was married at
Menlo Park yesterday to Miss Lib
bie Wooster, who for the past two
years has been-first assistant post
mistress at the Stanford office. •
