# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
— Rev. Edward Lam be Parsons,
formerly instructor in Philosophy
at Stanford, and at present rector
of St. Matthew's Church in San
Mateo, will preach in St. Mark's
Church of Berkeley. He decided to
go to Berkeley although lie has
been considering a call from the
largest Episcopal church in New
Haven, Conn., which is Mr. Par
son's native town.
