# Lag Sophs, Juniors To Make Quad Dates
## 
### 
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
The Quad office announced
yesterday that Lagunila sopho
mores and juniors should make
appointments to have their pic
lures taken today, tomorrow, or
Thursday from 10 to 12 a.m. or
1 lo 5 p.m.
All members of the Quad staff,
including (ryoutees, will meet in
the Quad building at 4:.'10 p.m.
tomorrow to have their pictures
taken.
