# Cagers Open In Two Weeks
## 
### 
With its first game two weeks off,
the varsity basketball squad has
been trimmed to a workable 20-man
size by Coach Everett Dean. After
three weeks spent chiefly on funda
mentals, future practice sessions
will emphasize team organization
and scrimmage.
included on the squad are Mor
ley Thompson, Babe Wiggins, Dave
Davidson, and Steve Stephenson,
first-stringers last year; Gas Cha
valas, Bob Lewis, Milt Iverson, and
Bill Drehobl, all of whom have var
sity experience; and Bob Penn, who
was an alternate first-stringer on
the 1941-42 team.
The cagers open their season Nov.
24 against an alumni outfit and meet
the Olympic Club the following
evening. Both games will be played
in the Pavilion.
Others on the varsity squad in
clude: Fred Lewis, Ralph Carver,
Dick Schuette, George Yardley, Bill
Rose, Bill Laney, John Scharien,
Dave Atcheson, Don Stites, John
Smith, Everett Layman, and John
Bryan.
