# Untitled Article
## 
### 

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.

REHEARSAL-Cost members of 1964 "Gaieties'
read through the script at a preliminary re
hearsal. "Gaieties,' a traditional part of Big

Gome Week, will be presented in Memorial Audi
torium November 17, 18, 19 and 20.
