# Senate's Choice
## 
### 

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.

UNANIMOUSLY elected by tin
Senate to succeed the late Sena
tar Key Pittman as chairman ol
the •important Foreign Relation!
Committee was Senator Walter F
George (above) of Georgia.
