# Bacon to Speak To Service Group
## 
### 
The Beta chapter of Alpha Chi
Omega, national service fraternity,
is sponsoring a meeting tonight at
which Dr. Bacon of the math de
partment will speak on Early Cali
fornians. Refreshments will be
served; everyone is invited to at
tend.
After the general meeting, mem
bers will meet to discuss plans for
the Roble-Encina debate and the
Winter Quarter Dance sponsored by
Alpha Chi Omega.
At the closed meeting, a chairman
of the March of Dimes Drive will be
appointed and delegates will be
chosen to represent Stanford at the
National Convention of the Service
Fraternity to be held in Indianapolis
during Christmas vacation.

In a half ton of cabbages raised
by William Partridge, the largest
weighed 18 pounds and the smallest
10 pounds. Three average heads
filled a bushel basket.
