# War Aids Convict To Gain Freedom
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 26 (UP).—
International complications today
brought about the release from San
Quentin prison of Frank H. John
son, Alameda County parole vio
lator.
Johnson was extradited from Van
couver, 8.C., to Florida several
months ago to face a robbery charge,
M. Stanley Mosk. executive secre
tary to Governor Culbert Olson, ex
plained. He was acquitted of the
charge, but California authorities
claimed him as a parole violator and
returned him to San Quentin.
