# Explosion Disables Ship, Kills Seaman
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26 (UP).—An
explosion of steam aboard the
freighter West Cactus today killed
second assistant, engineer Edward
L. Hinckley". 38, Seattle, and tem
porarily disabled the ship.
Hinckley was hurled 35 feet by
the blast and his body was wedged
between two turbines. Francis
Powers, Baltimore, and Amando Z.
Ochoa, San Pedro, members of the
engine room crew, were unable to
reach Hinckley because blistering
hot live steam filJed the room.
