# BRAINS OF THE RED MACHINE
## 
### 

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.

HERE ARE TIIE MEN who supply the brains for Stanford's soaring
Indians who arc this week* getting down to intensive work for the
annual Big Game with C'al. Maybe Coach Shaughnessy. left, was
telling quarterback Frankie Albert a new play when tlie photographer
caught them.
