# Forestry Applicants Interviewed Tomorrow
## 
### 
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
All men who wish to apply for
work with the United States For
estry Service during the summer
months should contact the Student
Employment Office promptly to ar
range appointments for an inter
view.
Representatives from the U.S.
Forestry Service will be on cam
pus tomorrow to interview men in
terested in jobs as crew men, crew
leaders, crew checkers, or camp
clerks.
