# Klahoya Members To Meet for Lunch
## 
### 
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
Klahoya will hold its regular
Tuesday noon luncheon meeting to
day in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
The tea scheduled for Wednesday
will not be held on that date and a
new time will be discussed.
President Marianna Olmstead in
vites all off-campus women to at
tend.
