# Levorsen to Address Mothers' Club Today
## 
### 
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
Mr, Irving Levorsen, executive
head' of the Geology Department,
will speak before the Stanford
Mothers' Club at 2 p.m. today on
the subject "Careers in Geology."
Officers for the next academic year
will be elected, and Miss Elizabeth
Otis will sine few selections.
Chairman of the hostesses, who
are the East Bay mothers, is Mrs.
L. W. Stettner.
