# FOOD TO BE FLOWN NORTH
## 
### 
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
SEATTLE. April 15 (UP).—Bert
Kinsman, traffic manager for the
Alaska Airlines, said tonight his
organization would fly badly need
ed fresh foods and other items to
strikebound Alaskan porta.
