# Squad Plans Student Debate
## 
### 
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
Debating activities have switched
to the intramural front with an ex
temporaneous speaking contest on
current events getting under way
this afternoon.
In the absence of four debaters
who are participating in C.O.P.'s
Pacific Forensic League tourney,
and of Coach Leland T. Chapin, at
tending a coaches' conference in
Los Angeles, the local contest has
been organized by Debate Society
members, but is open to all stu
dents.
Topics will be selected from the
past two months' issues of "Time."
Each participant will draw two top
ics and select one for a 10-minute
speech. A final round between the
three best speakers will be held
Thursday.
Today's clash starts at 3 p.m. in
room 200T of the History Building.
Pat Carson, debate manager, will
be chairman.
