# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge fir DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRY3LER-P' YMOUTH
DEA'HR
Dealer with > IJ -opy Cliente'a
780 H : - Homer
P' "8
