# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
STOREYS PREXY
BARBARA LEH
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For me the ABC's of collage IHe j
always include the ABC's oI smoking j
pleasure my brand is Chesterfield."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of collegc men and women.
