# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
Casa Ventu a announces the en
gagement of Velma Elaine Prosser
to Charles Tiffany, Phi Gamma Del
ta.
