# Shepp Leads Jazz Casual
## 
### 
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
The Archie Shepp Quartet will
perform at 4 p.m. Friday at Tre
sidder in the second Jazz Casual
presented by the Stanford Jazz
Year.
San Francisco Chronicle jazz
critic and columnist Ralph J.
Gleason will host the two-hour
program. Gleason will discuss
with Shepp the approach to
jazz.
Tenor saxophonist Shepp is
one of the most widely praised
of the New York-based group of
experimentalists attempting to
free themselves from prevalent
harmonic and rhythmic restric
tions. John Coltrane, also a ten
orist, one type of this experimen
tal idiom in his Memorial Audi
torium concert Jan. 23. Shepp
was at one time a member of
Coltrane's band.
There is a tendency in Shepp's
brand of jazz to eliminate the
bar structure and establish tem
porary rhythmic patterns that
dissolve into others. His music
contains, according to its advo
cates (including, notably, play
wright-author Leßoi Jones and
critic-author Nat Hentoff) a
greater quantity of "pure" emo
tion than other jazz forms; it
has been termed by its critics
an expression of Negro racism,
a music specifically designed to
be incomprehensible to the white
audience.
Admission to the concert-dis
cussion is $1 and is limited to
of the Stanford com
munity.
