# The 						Apocalypse
## 
### 

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."

lMcturcd above is one of seventeen litho
graphs by Mrs. Michael Novack on "The
Ai>ocalypse" currently on display In Tre
sidder Union. The exhibit is presented in
connection with the Stanford Ecumenical
Lecture Series: "Secular and Religious
Visions of the Future."
