# Strikes May Close 18 Fresno Cafes
## 
### 
FRESNO, April '27 (U.R).â€”Eighteen
restaurants and two hotel dining
rooms, employing nearly 400 work
ers, will close their doors to busi
ness il the Cooks, Waiters' and Bar
tenders' unions carry out their
threatened walkout at noon Satur
day, oflicials of the Restaurant Own
ers' Association said tonight.
The announcement came after a
fruitless day of negotiations be
tween the two factions in which the
union rejected a compromise offered
by the restaurant men. Union offi
cials are seeking a flat 50 cents a
day increase in all departments. The
Restaurant Owners' Association, an
organization of restaurant and ho
tel dining room proprietors, offered
the unions a five per cent increase
now and another five per cent in
crease in the fall.
