# PHI KAP PLEDGES
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of John Esterline, '38.

Umfgaernalurenalfingiourigarfoen
in Eskimo language, means "I lov<
you."
