# Prize Offered For Thesis on Religion
## 
### 
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
Offer of a prize of $15,000 for the
best new manuscript dealing with
any branch of knowledge bearing
upon the Christian religion has
been announced in connection with
the 50th anniversary Bross Compe
tition.
Details may be obtained from Her
bert McComb Moore, president of
Lake Forest College, Lake Forest,
Illinois.
