# Arrives in Africa
## 
### 

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.

FORMER French Premier Pierrc-
Etiennc Flandin, a pre-war advo
cate of collaboration with Ger
many, has arrived in North Africa.
Flandin has been Marshal Petain's
foreign minister since the fall of
France. Former Vichy Minister of
the Interior Pierre Pucheu joined
Flandin in Africa.
