# Japanese Course
## 
### 
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
TO the men of Stanford who are interested in
public relations work, the School of Humani
ties is offering a course in the Japanese lan
guage next guarter.
Practical courses like this should be consid
ered by students who are not taking medicine
or engineering. We will need men trained in
Japanese immediately and after the war. Our
relations with and our understanding of the
Japanese people will be simplified if we know
and understand the language.
I he Daily is only too interested to encourage
persons to take these courses. We want trained
men on the diplomatic front as well as on the
battlefront.
