# Economic Majors Eligible for Loan
## 
### 
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
Seniors and graduate students
majoring in economics or allied sub
jects who arc wholly or partially
self-supporting are eligible for a
loan scholarship of $250 allocated to
Stanford University for award dur
ing the current academic year by the
American Banker s Association
Foundation for Education in Eco
nomics.
Application blanks and further de
tails may be obtained from Mrs.
Olivia Byler, Scholarship Secretary,
in her office, Administration 164,
during the morning.
