# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Sue Dittmer, '57, to
Bob Stover, '57.
