# Medical Workshop Holds Luncheon At Rickey's Today
## 
### 
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
The first Rehabilitation Facilities
Workshop, sponsored by the Stan
ford Medical School's Department of
Preventive Medicine, will holds its
opening session today at Rickey's
Studio Inn.
At its opening luncheon President
Wallace Sterling will welcome the
delegates to the workshop.
Some of the nation's leading health
experts will participate in this Re
habilitation Facilities Workshop
which has been called to implement
a new concept in medical care, ac
cording to Dr. Rodney R. Beard,
workshop chairman and head of the
Preventive Medicine Department.
Among the speakers at the work
shop will be Henry Redkey, U. S.
Public Health consultant for reha
bilitation and adjustment centers;
Dr. Maurice Grossman, Stanford
Medical School psychiatrist; and
Kenneth Hamilton, associate direc
tor of the Ohio State University Re
habilitation Center.
The four basic problems to be dis
cussed at the workshop, according
to Beard, are the functions of the
"team" within the rehabilitation
center, community relations, admin
istrative patterns and architectural
design.
