# Discussion Groups For Women to Meet Next Thursday Night
## 
### 
IMscussion groups for women of thi.s
quarter are now organized and will
hold their first meeting next Thurs
day evening at Roble Hall. The first
group will be under the direction of
Mr. Russell of the Political Science
Department, and their discussions will
be on international relations. They
will meet at 7 o'clock each Thursday
evening.
The second discussion groups will
enjoy a variety of speakers. The
first two meetings will be devoted to
the consideration of the proposed
amendment and will be under the di
rection of Professor Cathcart. Pro
fessors Fairclough Treat and Schwartz
will take charge during the remaining
six meeks.
These discussion groups are under
auspices of the Y. W. C. A. and all
women are invited to attend.
