# Time for Special Train Changed; Big Crowd Due
## 
### 
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
Between ten and fifteen hundred
Stanford rooters, will travel down
to Santa Clara for the game Sat
urday on the special Southern Pa
cific train, which will leave Palo
Alto at 2:15, returning from Santa
Clara at 5:15. The band will ac
company the rooters on the train.
The team will leave for Santa
Clara by automobile at 1:00. No
freshman game is scheduled with
Santa Clara, and the Varsity
fracas will begin at 3:00 p. m.
Yell Leader Kinney has* been busy
organizing the rooting section,
and a large and snappy turnout is
expected.
