# Professor F. Anderson Will Speak at Next English Club Meeting
## 
### 
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
Prof. F. Anderson of the Romanic
Language Department will give an infor
mal talk on contemporary writers at a
meeting of English Club to be held next
Tuesday evening at 8:30 at the Sigma
Kappa house. .
Following Professor Anderson's dis
cussion. the committee which was re
cently appointed to work on the selec
tion of the club's annual play will give
its first report. The committee is com
posed of Harry Wyckoff, '21, D. W.
Evans, '22, and H. D. Darling, '21.
English Club will be represented at
future meetings of the Dramatic Council
by Wyckoff. lie will replace Dorothy
lloskins, '21. who has represented the
organization pending the appointment of
die plav committee.
