# Dick McLean Says . . .
## 
### 
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
Bull Sessioner Dick McLean
continues his argument against
the foreign language require
ment in today's column. Pos
sible solutions to "that archaic
and musty rule" are suggested.
Turn to page 2.
