# Ronald Hilton Returns From Mexican Trip
## 
### 
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
Professor Ronald Hilton, director
of Hispanic American Studies, re
cently returned from Mexico City
where he represented Stanford at
the Fourth Centennial Celebrations
of the National University of Mex
ico.
While on the trip he attended the
Fourth International Congress of
Ibero-American Literature in Albu
querque, New Mexico, and the First
Inter - American Cultural Confer
ence in Mexico City.
Professor Hilton reported that the
most remarkable way in which the
Fourth Centennial date is being
commemorated is with the con
struction of a new University City
on the outskirts of the Mexican
capital.
' The new campus is rising at a
spectacular rate," he said, "because
President Miguel Aleman is deter
mined to complete the project be
fore his term of office expires.
"When the work is completed the
University of Mexico will have a
physical plant second to none in
the world," he said.
Professor Hilton also visited many
of Mexico's provincial cities and
was made a guest of honor in Pue
bla and Jalapa, as well as in Mex
ico City.
