# NAVY HELICOPTER
## 
### 
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
The Navy is testing a one-man
rocket-powered helicopter that can
be strapped on a man's back and
shoot him up into space faster than
any airplane, it was revealed today.
The "Buck Rogers fashion" rocket
helicopter — first ever developed —
weighs less than 100 pounds and is
best described as a "helicopter
strapped on your back." Gilbert Ma
gill, the inventor said.
