# Hutton to Address Club On Southern Glaciation
## 
### 
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
Dr. Colin O. Hattoa, acting asso
ciate professor of mineral sciences,
will address the Journal Club of
the School of Mineral Sciences to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 320 of the
Geology Building. He will illustrate
his talk on "Glaciation in South
west New Zealand" with black and
white slides, showing the striking
topography of New Zealand. The
public is invited.
