# Farm Players to Stage 'Winterset' Wednesday
## 
### 
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
The Stanford' Players' production
of "Wintcrset," scheduled to open
Wednesday evening at 8:15 in the
Little Theater, is now in the final
stages of rehearsal.
Betty McGec, who is directing the
production as her M.A. thesis proj
ect, will not be through with her
work on the show when "Wintcrset"
has completed the four showings.
The speech and drama department
requires a complete production
book which includes set and cos
tume designs, character analyses,
and all other data pertinent to the
production.
IM A. CANDIDATES
This procedure is in accordance
with the departmental policy of per
mitting graduate students who are
qualified to substitute the directing,
designing, and staging of a show in
place of the usual written thesis.
Under this set-up. one production
each quarter is scheduled for the
Little Theater. Among the shows
already produced by M.A. candi
dates wet;e "A Doll's House," "The
Father," and"The Adding Ma
chine."
Miss McGee's cast for "Wintcrset"

includes several Stanford favorites
as well as some experienced new
comers. Jack Hume, who played
the lead in the Hillbarn Summer
Theater production of "The Great
Galeoto," has been cast as Mio;
Nancy DeGroot, Lady Anne in
"Richard III," is cast as Miriamne.
Jules Irving, who has appeared in
several Broadway productions, will
play Garlh.
CAST LISTED
Bill Melton will play Judge
Gaunt, and Ilal Todd will play
Trock; Harry Muheim, cast as
Shadow, and Allen lFetcher as Carr
are experienced performers. Angus
Bowmer. who plays the philosophi
cal Esdras, is the founder and di
rector of a Shakespearean summer
theater in Oregon.
Tickets for the production have
been going rapidly, and Chester
Barker, box office manager, reports
that Friday and Saturday nights are
already sold out. Some tickets re
main for Wednesday and Thursday
performances. These may be pur
chased at the offices of the speech
anil drama department by calling
220-11.
