# Plays Picked By Ram's Head
## 
### 
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, has chosen "The Deceivers"
by Robert Kelly, "Publicity" by Roy
Poole, and "Loophole" by Philip
Pearce as winners of its original
one - act play contest for winter
quarter. The plays will be present
ed Feb. 19, 20, and 21 in the Little
Theater of Memorial Auditorium.
"The Deceivers" will be directed
by Bud Irving and stars Elaine Da
vies, Dale Moffit, Richard Eagan,
and Raymond GrifFen. Cast in
"Publicity," directed by Hall Todd,
are Robert Brown, Ed Leftcourt,
Shirley Ellsworth,, Ed Reesen, awl
Douglas Russel. "Ixiophole" will be
directed by Allen Fletcher, who is
also general director for all three
plays. The cast includes Jack Hume,
Ruth Fisher, Elaine Maltzman, Rob
ert Blum, Marjorie Faulkner, and
Don Sheffey.
The directors of the plays are alt
graduates in the speech and drama
department and are receiving credit
toward their degrees for these pro
ductions. The Dramatists' Alliance
of Stanford will offer a prize for the
best one-act play in this set. The
amount of the prize will be an
nounced later.
Dramatic Manager Paul R. Baker
called for Spring Show scripts.
