# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
Towel checks will be redeemed
tomorrow afternoon, 4:30, at tlie
football training house for last
time. Varsity men and substi
tutes may receive sweaters at
same time.
