# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing COO,OOO vol
umes.
