# Adv. 50 Page 12
## 
### 
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. TUtte in to
cartoons in the morning, and videos all day. You
do not need to subscribe to cable to watch SCBN.
Just plug your television in the cable hook-up
and enjoy die ride. Call 3-9069 to vote for the
movie you want to see Saturday nights at 10:30.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. TUtte in to
cartoons in the morning, and videos all day. You
do not need to subscribe to cable to watch SCBN.
Just plug your television in the cable hook-up
and enjoy die ride. Call 3-9069 to vote for the
movie you want to see Saturday nights at 10:30.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. TUtte in to
cartoons in the morning, and videos all day. You
do not need to subscribe to cable to watch SCBN.
Just plug your television in the cable hook-up
and enjoy die ride. Call 3-9069 to vote for the
movie you want to see Saturday nights at 10:30.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. TUtte in to
cartoons in the morning, and videos all day. You
do not need to subscribe to cable to watch SCBN.
Just plug your television in the cable hook-up
and enjoy die ride. Call 3-9069 to vote for the
movie you want to see Saturday nights at 10:30.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. TUtte in to
cartoons in the morning, and videos all day. You
do not need to subscribe to cable to watch SCBN.
Just plug your television in the cable hook-up
and enjoy die ride. Call 3-9069 to vote for the
movie you want to see Saturday nights at 10:30.
