# PORTLAND GIVES SCRAP
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Four million pounds of scrap metal
were ready tonight for movement
into war production following an
intensive eight-hour pick-up drive
today which marked the climax of
the salvage campaign in Portland.
