# COLLEGE GRID SCORES
## 
### 
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
At Los Angeles: Loyola 13, Ala
meda Coast Guard 0.
At San Francisco: St. Mary's 27,
San Francisco 0.
At Fresno: Fresno State College
20. March Field 0.
At Scranton: Scranton 7, Cani
sius 2.
At Cincinnati: Creighton 14, Xa
vier 13.
