# All-University Debate Meet To Feature Tryout Debaters
## 
### 
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
Tryouts for the all-university de
bate on the subject, Resolved: That
both labor and capital should be
conscripted for the duration, to be
given Oct. 28 in the Educational
Auditorium, are still being held in
Dr. Beck's office, Room 200 T.
The debate, according to varsity
manager, Jim Frolik, promises to be
"something entirely different," be
ginning with group discussions by
representatives of various campus
organizations and finally concluding
with a debate between two students
on each side of the question.
The yearly Delta Sigma Rho tourn
ament will begin within the month,
with teams from any class, debater
or non-debater, being eligible. The
question will deal with plans for a
federal world government, the na
tional subject this year.
Radio discussions for both Stan

ford students and professors to be
broadcast over the campus station
will get under way before the end of
the quarter, according to Dr. Heff
ner of the Speech and Drama de
partment.
A women's debate organization,
which Dr. Heffner advocated a week
ago, will be organized, however, un
der the auspices of the varsity team
and varsity debate manager, and not
as a separate organization. The group
will endeavor to give every girl a
chance to prepai'e herself in all
forms of speaking, radio, extempo
raneous, debating, and informal,
which are in great demand at the
present time.
There are 20,1193 autombile junk
yards in the United States, and they
contained more than 300,000 junked
cars and trucks early this vear.
