# Soons Consider Greatest Tax Bill
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
rhc largest tax bill in history, de
signed to raise an additional $9,000,-
800,000 a year through unprece
dented levies on corporations and
individuals, will bo completed by
Congress this week, probably Wed
nesday.
The llousc will act on the con
ference report on the measure as
'ion a it is ready, probably Tues
day, and the Senate will take ac
tion the following day.
The bill increases normal and
surtaxes on individual incomes and
iidds a third levy—a five per cent
"victory" tax on all individual earn
ings over $12 a week. Normal cor
porate taxes are held at the present
24 per cent level but surtaxes and
excess profits taxes are raised.
