# Daily Tryoutees Hold Last Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
The final meeting of the Daily
tryoutees will be held tonight at
8 o'clock in Room 8 of the Press
Building. The meeting will he a
very short one, according to Amie
Reichert, Woman's Editor, nnd it
is absolutely essential that all
members of the tryoutee class at
tend.
