# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## 
### 

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.

STANFORD'S sprinter-fullback. Buck Fawcett. puts on an extra burst of speed to get around Idaho's
Chandler. During the game, which the Indians won easily, 54-7. Fawcett chalked up more than 150 yards
from scrimmage.
