# STANFORD PLAYS SOCCER AGAINST U.C. TOMORROW
## 
### 
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
Victory over their old rivals, the
California varsity, is what the Stan
ford soccer eleven will strive for to
morrow when the two teams play on
, the Cardinal soccer field back of the
football bleachers tomorrow morning.
The game is scheduled to be called
promptly at 10:30 o'clock and an ad
jmission of 25 cents will be charged
for the attraction.
The varsity held a snappy workout
last night, with the rest of the soccer
| squad, and is now primed for its stel
j lar contest. The team which will rep
resent the Cardinal has been carefully
chosen, after a hard preliminary sea
son's practice, and stands for Stan
ford's best in the booting line. Al
though all but three of the varsity are
making their initial appearance in an
intercollegiate contest, the new men
are showing the necessary fight to an
exceptional degree, and they may be
expected to show the representatives
|of the Blue and Gold a lively time in
tomorrow's tussle.
The varsity will meet the Berkelev
ites in a return game on Thanksgiv
ing day, at the California field. The
Blue and Gold has a team composed
largely of veterans, which has been
rounded out under the leadership of
Captain L. H. Nuland into a speedy
pack. What Stanford's aggregation of
toe artists lack in experience, they
will have to make up in fight, and they
will have two chances at the Califor
nians in which to bring into play this
essential quality.
A soccer contest between two picked
teams of boys from Mr. Maloney's Sat
urday morning classes will be offered
as a prelude to the principal attrac
tion. The little fellows have plenty of
speed, and the game, which will start
at 9:30 a. m., should be a novel spec
tacle.
The team which will uphold the Car
dinal in tomorrow's contest follows:
Newland, goal; Elliott, right back;
Widell, left back; Lifur, right half;
Yewell, center half; Pillsbury, left
half; Say, autside right; Essen, inside
right; Roney (captain), center for
ward; Drury, inside left; Wing, out
side left.
! Substitutes —Bates, Stamp, backs;
Gilbert, Brill, halves; Levy, Chamarra,
forwards; Moore, goal.
