# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
CLUES s4\
FROM
THE jAIMk
What Wil! You
Wear to the Dance?
Sparkling Satin?
Fragile crepe?
Brocade over chiffon?
Rustling taffeta?
Make up your mind at
jtAt x&rtfod,
520 Ramona Street
