# DOORS STUCK
## 
### 
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
Reason for the "Please Use Other
Door" signs on the Li be doors is
that the mechanisms which check
their speed as they swing shut are
out of order, and it has been nec
essary to send east for new parts.
