# Instructor Talks On Tudor Period
## 
### 
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
"Intermingling of Renaissance and
Gothic detail in early Elizabethan
architecture gave it the picturesque
and lively quality which constitutes
its great charm," said D. M. Men
delowitz, instructor in graphic art,
in his lecture, "Stone, Plaster, and
Wood," given in the Women's Club
house last night. "It is a perfect
reflection of the variety of interests
and activities of the bustling Eliza
bethan era."
Accompanying the lecture, which
is one of a series of lectures upon
Tudor life as suggested in "Twelfth
Night," were slides of Haddon Hall,
the Henry VII Chapel at Westmin
ster, and a number of other famous
manors and public buildings.
According to Mendelowitz, the
introduction of the Renaissance mo
tif in England began with the meet
ing of Henry VIII and Francis I of
France on the Field of Cloth of Gold
in 1520, following which meeting
many continental craftsmen went to
England, and a taste for the new
style was developed.
Also responsible for the diffusion
of the Rennaissance, Mendelowitz
added, was the invention of print
ing, resulting in a wide circulation
of books decorated in the new man
ner.
