# Publication Head
## 
### 

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.

Gordy Frost, '38, who returns to
the campus this summer to pre
pare "Dividex" for the coming
year.
