# George and Teddyâ€” Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
## 
### 
Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

Shown above are the stars of this year's win
ter carnival, George and Teddy and the Con
dor Band, all of whom will be at Stanford on
Saturday, May 15. The TMU social division

announces that the all-campus dance will be
held in the Tresidder Grill Room from 9:30
p.m. to 1 a.m. Admission is 50 cents.

