# War Information
## 
### 
Enlistments in the Naval Reserve
Flying Corps will be accepted now,
according to information received at
the registrar's ofiice Friday. Men
will first undergo training at the
Naval Reserve schools and will be
sequently commissioned in the Naval
Reserve Flying Corps. Applications
should be given to J. E. McDowell, as
sistant registrar.
To be eligible for enrollment an
applicant must be an American citi
zen, and must be between twenty and
thirty years of age. Educational
qualifications are given special con
sideration. Sulllcient education is re
quired to understand the technical
course of lectures given during train
ing.
As soon as practicable after enroll
ment, a man is given active duty or
ders to report to the receiving ship
at Boston for further transfer to the
ground school at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, for a ten
weeks' theoretical course. This Is
followed by approximately three
months' flight training at one of the
Naval Air Stations.
Upon the satisfactory completion of
a man's training, he is examined and
if found qualified, is enrolled in
Corps, and is commissioned. If a man

Class 5, of the Naval Reserve Flying
fails in his training course, he is
given the choice of a discharge from
the Naval Service, or of being trans
ferred in such rating as he may be
found qualified to hold in the Naval
Reserve for general service.
Candidates are given a rigorous
physical examination to determine
their fitness for this service. Parti
cular attention is paid to eyesight;
normal vision of 20-20 in each eye, un
corrected by glasses, is required.
