# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
Why not let the women's agricul
tural unit practice on those loquats
in the Inner Quad?
