# Chapel Preacher.
## 
### 
The Rev. Chas. W. Wendte of
Oakland, who preaches in the
chapel on Sunday, may be called
one of the regular University
preachers. He is minister of the
most important Unitarian church
on the Coast, Dr. Stebbins alone
excepted, and has written numer
ous books. He is a fluent and im
pressive speaker.
The Rev. Chas. W. Wendte of
Oakland, who preaches in the
chapel on Sunday, may be called
one of the regular University
preachers. He is minister of the
most important Unitarian church
on the Coast, Dr. Stebbins alone
excepted, and has written numer
ous books. He is a fluent and im
pressive speaker.
The Rev. Chas. W. Wendte of
Oakland, who preaches in the
chapel on Sunday, may be called
one of the regular University
preachers. He is minister of the
most important Unitarian church
on the Coast, Dr. Stebbins alone
excepted, and has written numer
ous books. He is a fluent and im
pressive speaker.
The Rev. Chas. W. Wendte of
Oakland, who preaches in the
chapel on Sunday, may be called
one of the regular University
preachers. He is minister of the
most important Unitarian church
on the Coast, Dr. Stebbins alone
excepted, and has written numer
ous books. He is a fluent and im
pressive speaker.
The Rev. Chas. W. Wendte of
Oakland, who preaches in the
chapel on Sunday, may be called
one of the regular University
preachers. He is minister of the
most important Unitarian church
on the Coast, Dr. Stebbins alone
excepted, and has written numer
ous books. He is a fluent and im
pressive speaker.
