# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Discussion of the ''evils of co-ed
ucation" still rages at the Univer
sity of California with the usual
accompaniments of meaningless
rhetoric, high-flown sarcasm, and
senseless argument with which
Berkeley students go about the dis
cussion of any question of much or
little importance. The most ludi
crous point of the whole discussion
is the attempt to blame the women
of the University for Berkeley's de
feats in athletics.
Discussion of the ''evils of co-ed
ucation" still rages at the Univer
sity of California with the usual
accompaniments of meaningless
rhetoric, high-flown sarcasm, and
senseless argument with which
Berkeley students go about the dis
cussion of any question of much or
little importance. The most ludi
crous point of the whole discussion
is the attempt to blame the women
of the University for Berkeley's de
feats in athletics.
Discussion of the ''evils of co-ed
ucation" still rages at the Univer
sity of California with the usual
accompaniments of meaningless
rhetoric, high-flown sarcasm, and
senseless argument with which
Berkeley students go about the dis
cussion of any question of much or
little importance. The most ludi
crous point of the whole discussion
is the attempt to blame the women
of the University for Berkeley's de
feats in athletics.
Discussion of the ''evils of co-ed
ucation" still rages at the Univer
sity of California with the usual
accompaniments of meaningless
rhetoric, high-flown sarcasm, and
senseless argument with which
Berkeley students go about the dis
cussion of any question of much or
little importance. The most ludi
crous point of the whole discussion
is the attempt to blame the women
of the University for Berkeley's de
feats in athletics.
Discussion of the ''evils of co-ed
ucation" still rages at the Univer
sity of California with the usual
accompaniments of meaningless
rhetoric, high-flown sarcasm, and
senseless argument with which
Berkeley students go about the dis
cussion of any question of much or
little importance. The most ludi
crous point of the whole discussion
is the attempt to blame the women
of the University for Berkeley's de
feats in athletics.
