# Athletes of the Week
## 
### 
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
After a week-long hiatus, Athletes of the
Week has returned . .. and this week's selec
tions have also returned to the spotlight.
Both picks took charge for their respective
teams this weekend and led them to victory
after victory. Each player emerged from a
miniature slump as well, making their spec
tacular play all the more worthy of recogni
tion. Consequently Christy Hedgpeth of the
No. 6 women's basketball team and Alex

O'Brien of the No. 3 men's tennis team are
our Athletes of the Week.
Hedgpeth, a sophomore guard from
Thomasville, NC, simply shot the lights out
this weekend in back-to-back wins against
Pacific 10 Conference foes Washington and
Washington State. She returned to the start
ing lineup against the Huskies last Thursday
and promptly went off, pouring in 26 points
on 9-of-10 shooting, including an impressive
4-of-5 treys. While Washington shut down
Stanford's inside game, Hedgpeth simply
killed 'em from the outside. She added three
assists, four steals, and an unbelievable
seven rebounds for good measure. In recog
nition of this she was named the Pac-10
Player of the Week.
But Hedgpeth didn't stop there. Just two
nights later against Washington State she
rattled off 16 points in the first half on phe
nomenal 5-of-5 shooting, including 3-for-3
from beyond the three-point arc. She handed
out seven assists and garnered two steals as
well.
Senior Alex O'Brien made a statement
this weekend that, as much as opponents
would like to hope, his game hadn't slipped
at all. Although he had some rough matches
over the last few weeks against No. 8 Miami
and San Jose State, he stormed back this
weekend at the National Indoor Intercolle
giate Team Championships in Louisville, Ky.
O'Brien dropped only one set all weekend,
leading the way as the Cardinal marched

over No. 13 Harvard, No. 11 Georgia, sec
ond-ranked USC, and sixth-ranked Texas
Christian to win the Indoor title. The No. 1
collegiate singles player in the nation rolled
easily through the competition, including a
straight-set shellacking of No. 16-ranked
Tony Bujan of TCU in the finals.
"Alex is unquestionably one of the best
players in collegiate tennis," said Stanford
men's tennis coach Dick Gould.


Christy Hedgpeth


Alex O'Brien
