# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
Varsity Cleinnri
