# PHI SIG ELECTIONS
## 
### 
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
The following were elected house
officers of Phi Sigma Kappa: Ril
Wood, president; Gerry Hosking
vice-president; John Pitt;;, secre
tary; Bob Baldocchi, sentinel; Jack
Eddy, inductor.
