# Drive Nets Over $4,000
## 
### 
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
Three women's living groups took
top honors in the faculty hashers'
content for the foreign relief drive
with the highest per capita dona
tions of their respective classes.
Roble won Class 1 with a total
of $595 donated and $2.14 per cap
ita. Lathrop in Class 2 donated
$182.7(> with $5.53 per capita. Win
ning Class 3 were Village Buildings
121 and J23 which donated $155.72
with $1.04.
Three uniformed messengers de
livered telegrams to the v/inning
groups last night during dinner.
The telegrams began: "We regret to
announce that you shall have to
dismiss your regular hashers Wed
nesday evening, Feb. 20, when—"
Grand total of Stanford's first all
foreign relief drive to date, as an
nounced by drive treasurer Marilyn
MacFarlene, is $4,345.88, including
pledges. Only three men's living
groups even showed in the contest—
El Toro, Kappa Sigma, and Village
Jl7.
El Toro and Kappa Sigma gave
the second and third highest per
capita donations on campus and will
also be served by faculty hathcrs
on Wednesday night.
fioble hashers arc: the Rev. Rob
ert M. Minto, Dr. David Regnery,
Dr. Graham DuShane, Dr. Margaret
C'. Barr, Miss Elva Fay Brown, Dr.
Harold M. Bacon, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. Harold C. Schmidt, and
Dr. Donald H. Slingbiglcr (alias
Winbigler).
Hashing at Lathrop will be: Dr.
Claude A. Buss, Dr. Georges E. Le
maitre, Dr. Carl T. Running, Dr.
Graham Stuart, and Er. Clifford F.
Weigle.
Village hashers are: Dr. Wayne S.
Vucinich, Dr. Clarence L. Winder,
Dr. Ronald Hilton, Dr. Philip W.
Harsh, Dr. John W. Docids, Dr. Jef
fery Smith, Dwight B. Adams, Dr.
Roberto B. Sangiorgi, and Dr. Ana
tole G. Mazour.
El Toro hashers are: Alexander
Miller and Richard L. Balch. Hash
ing at Kappa Sigma will be: Julius
E. Shuchat and Dr. Henry Blauth.
