# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
The Stanford student body has
announced the engagement of
Prince Light foot (Timm Wil
liams) to Miss Janis Reed of Cres
cent City.
