# Contests
## 
### 
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
"Should States Have 'Right-to-
Work' Laws?" is the subject of
an essay contest being sponsored
by the Industrial Relations News
and the American Society for
Personnel Administration.
Open to students majoring or
minoring in personnel administra
tion or industrial relations, the
best essay will win a $25 savings
bond and a plaeque.
Entry blanks and contest rules
may he obtained from Industrial
Relations News, 230 West 41st
St.. New York 36, N.Y., or the
American Society for Personnel
Administration, Room 5, Kellogg
Center, East Lansing, Mich. The
deadline for entries is April 30.
For painters between the ages
of 20 and 10 who were born in
California, the James D. Phelan
Awards Competition is offering
five awards from $500 to $100.
Paintings by applicants will be
exhibited at the Pasadena Art
Museum and at the California
Palace of the Legion of Honor,
where they will be judged.
Application forms may be ob
tained from the office of Phelan
Awards, Room SI 4, Gi ant Build
ing, 1095 Market St., San Fran
cisco, before the deadline, Feb. 28.
An exepnse-free study trip to a
major trade convention is the
award being offered in an adver
tising contest, sponsored by the
Ronson Corporation.
Contest study guide kits, which
furnish full information and prod
uct details, are available from col
lege advertising instructors. Con
test deadline is March 12.
