# Proposed Amendments to the By- Laws.
## 
### 
Only members of the Varsity
football and basket-ball teams
respectively are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with the black
"S." Only members of the Varsity
baseball team are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with white
"S." E. R. Zion,
W. E. Campbell,
W. L. McLaine,
Stella MoCkay.
Only members of the Varsity
football and basket-ball teams
respectively are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with the black
"S." Only members of the Varsity
baseball team are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with white
"S." E. R. Zion,
W. E. Campbell,
W. L. McLaine,
Stella MoCkay.
Only members of the Varsity
football and basket-ball teams
respectively are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with the black
"S." Only members of the Varsity
baseball team are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with white
"S." E. R. Zion,
W. E. Campbell,
W. L. McLaine,
Stella MoCkay.
Only members of the Varsity
football and basket-ball teams
respectively are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with the black
"S." Only members of the Varsity
baseball team are entitled to wear
the cardinal sweater with white
"S." E. R. Zion,
W. E. Campbell,
W. L. McLaine,
Stella MoCkay.
