# F.D.R. May Come To Bridge Opening
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31 (UP).—
President and Mrs. Franklin D. Roo
sevelt will be invited personally to
attend the opening of the Golden
Gate Bridge here May 21, Arthur M.
Brown, Jr., general chairman of the
Golden Gate Bridge Fiesta, an
nounced tonight.
The governors of the 48 states also
will be invited.
