# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
Scheduled to speak Friday at
a luncheon in San Francisco,
Dr. de Madariaga was delayed
three hours 111 a snow-bound
train. Forced by circumstances
to substitute, Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur, long time friend and
guest of honor at the luncheon,
found in the library a former
speech of Dr. de Madariaga's
and read it.
