# Flash, 'Legs' Disappoint Sunday Movie Goers
## 
### 
East Sunday's Movie Series
turned out to lÂ»e a perfect ex
ample of how the host-laid plans
often go wrong. Not only did
Flash (iordon fail to make his
scheduled appearance before the
capacity crowd, hut Marlene
"Legs" Dietrich and her famous
bathtub scene evidently disap
peared under the scissors of the
censor before the film was ship
ped to Stanford.
Hoh Manning, manager of the
Sunday Movies, was besieged by
hundreds of irate movie - goers,
each of whom expressed bis ex
treme disappointment with the in
complete program. Manning as
sured them, however, that every
attempt would be made to show
both chapters two and three of
the Flash (iordon serial in next
Sunday's program.
