# Firemen Put Out Two Minor Blazes
## 
### 
At 1:05 Sunday morning, just one
hour and five minutes after Fire
Prevention Week ended, firemen
were called out to extinguish an au
tomobile fire in front of the Theta
Delta Chi house, Fire Chief John
Marston reported.
The car, a Ford convertible coupe
belonging to Charles Wichman, was
saved after flames destroyed the
rear seat cushions. Damage was es
timated at $75.
A second blaze, a grass and brush
fire, broke out near the golf course
at 11:45 Sunday morning, Chief
Marston added. The fire was quick
ly brought under control by six
firemen with the aid of two fire
trucks.
"There was not one fire reported
between Oct. 5 and Oct. 11. The
two fires which broke out Sunday
seem to add emphasis to our plea to
be careful at all times," Chief Mar
ston said.
