# MURAL SEMI-FINALS
## 
### 
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
Phi Delt 1 and Zete II will tangle
on mural held 4 this afternoon in
the touch football semi-finals while
Thcta Chi and Kappa Alpha I will
meet in the other tilt on field 6.
