# Winter Quarter Degree Applications Due Dec. 1
## 
### 
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
Candidates for the degree of
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of
Science at the close of the present
quarter should file application at
the Registrar's office by Dec. 1.
Application blanXs may "be obtained
at the information window Room
lU-A.
