# Temple Wants No Government
## 
### 
(CPS)â€”The student newspa
per at Temple University in
Philadelphia may succeed in its
campaign to abolish the student
government.
The Temple News began an
"Abolish Council; Don't Vote"
campaign last Tuesday with a
front-page editorial claiming
that the student government
"exists without purpose." The
editorial urged all candidates to
withdraw from the student gov
ernment campaign, "thus show
ing your motives to be issue
oriented and not founded upon
political or ego-centered mo
tives".
Within two days, two candi
dates withdrew from the cam
paign and 864 students signed
petitions favoring abolition of
student government.
The petitioners polled 6 more
votes than the number of stu
dents voting in the elections,
858.
News editor S. Robert Jacobs
has already claimed victory for
his campaign. However, the de
cision to abolish the council
rests with the university Board
of Trustees, which is not meet
ing until May.
Meanwhile, Jacobs said, "the
bunch of egotists and people in
terested in political advance
ment will be inaugurated".
