# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

Chariots of Fire
Cross country coach Vin
Lananna speaks about his
coaching philosophy.
page 9

Out of Africa
President Clinton
announces $100 million
grant for S. Africa.
page 3

L.A. Story
Water polo faces
UCLA at DeGuerre
pool today.
page 9

