# Play Slated Tomorrow
## 
### 
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
Coorgo Bernard Shaw's one-act,
comedy, "A Village Wooing," will
ho given in the Little Theater at
Memorial Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 1:15.
