# Asian Flu Shots Near 3000 Mark
## 
### 
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
Nearly 3000 injections of flu
vaccine have been given by the
Ural 111 Service.
Dr. George Houek at Monday's
meeting of Ihe Student Health
Council said. "Although the num
bers are encouraging, we have
given only one-third of the num
ber of vaccinations we would like
Id give."
As for the figures, two weeks
ago the total was 1(>33, the past
week the total rose to 1200 injec
tions, and Monday's tabulation
was 144.
