# Gateway Singers To Give Concert
## 
### 
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
The Gateway Singers, San Fran
cisco quartet that appeared here
last, spring, will perform at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
Friday. Nov. 15, at 8:30 p.m. as
part of an extended concert tour.
Tickets for the concert will be
sold for $2 each and may br ob
tained from Mrs. Frank Roberts,
1039 Newell Road. Palo Alto, tele
phone DA 3-3062. The conceit is
sponsored by tho Crescent Park
Elementary School PTA.
