# More Moo Juice; Students Content?
## 
### 
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
Stanford students living in Uni
versity dormitories were happily
surprised yesterday morning to
find that they were getting one
third of a quart of milk, rather
than one-half of a pint. Extra
milk still costs 10 cents per car
ton.
The increase in daily milk ra
tion was possible because, early
next year, milk suppliers will
make substantial reductions in
the price of milk bought in large
quantities. Also, the University
is planning to put into effect
more efficient dining hall proce
dures, which have been developed
after a study of several years.
