# Summit Asked
## 
### 
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
PARIS (/I 1 ) West German
Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, end
ing two days of talks with French
President Charles de Gaulle, came
out yesterday for an East-West
April summit meeting in Paris.
Adenauer announced he and de
Gaulle were agreed on all impor
tant issues. But he did not say
whether de Gaulle agreed with
him on a time and place for a
summit meeting.
