# Move Hinted To Make Steel Peace Lasting
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
WASHINGTON (/I 3 ) — President
Eisenhower hinted yesterday the
government may be considering
an extraordinary move to settle
the prolonged steel dispute. Un
less that is, an early voluntary
agreement is reached.
Eisenhower said at his news
conference he has brought every
bit of official and personal influ
ence to bear on both sides to
reach an agreement on their own,
and will renew that appeal in his
nationwide address Thursday
night.
"I just know this," the Presi
dent added, "if we can't get any
where on this thing, then finally
the government cannot sit idly
by on its hands."
Sad Day for U.S.
But if the point comes that the
government has to act to end the
dispute, lie said, it will be a "sad
day for the United States."
Mediators, meanwhile, toiled at
separate sessions with industry
and union negotiators without
much hope that an agreement can
be reached before the present
80-day injunction expires on Jan.
26. The court order halted a 116-
day strike.
Labor Charges
David J. McDonald, Steclwork
ers Union president, charged in
an address lo a labor union con
vention here yesterday morning
that the Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corp. has ordered a worker speed
up and has lowered quality stand
ards to recoup strike losses.
McDonald said it was typical of
what he called "a cold-blooded,
ruthless" industry attitude.
McDonald called for an investi
gation on whether the purported
J&L orders to foremen violate
"the status quo" terms of the in
junction. He sent complaints to
President Eisenhower, Vice Presi
dent Richard M. Nixon, and to
Senate leaders.
