# Scoring Leaders
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) Total
scoring, more than any other sta
tistic, gives the best pic:ure of
the National Football League
race. The Baltimore Colts, tied
with San Francisco for the West
ern Division lead, are in firs'
place with 295, league statistics
showed Wednesday.
Cleveland has 2.H.">. San Fran
cisco 227, Philadelphia 213 and
New York 212. Philadelphia and
Cleveland are tied for second
place in the Eastern Division, be
hind New York.
