# Ride Exchange On in Library
## 
### 
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
A Phi O public service fratern
ity has set up a "ride exchange"
in the lower lobby of the main
library. Purpose? to enable peo
ple driving home over vacation
to get in touch with people who
need rides, and vice-versa.
Here's how it works: A Phi O
has set up a compartmented box
near the main stairs. There is a
compartment for each state. If
you are driving home and want
riders, fill out a PINK slip and
deposit it in the compartment of
your destination.
If you want a ride, fill out a
WHITE slip and do the same.
Then, just come back from time
to time and check the box.
The slips contain name, phone
number, destination, time of de
parture and other information.
You are responsible for contact
ing persons who might be helpful
to you. When you have gotten a
ride, or riders, remove your slip
from the box.
