# Untitled Article
## 
### 

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.

STRETCHING THE NET? Appearing- to be stretching the net are
Stanford freshman eagers Boh Nieolet (25), John Pflueger (17) and
an unidentified man. The action occurred in the Papooses' 68-49
rout of Poly High last Friday. Pflueger, besides being one of tlie
game's leading rebounders, popped in 17 points by aggressive drive
ins and deadly shooting. With Pflueger at the helm, the Papooses
.jumped to an early 5-0 lead, then trailed, 12-9, ami then took the
lead, 15-14. Thereafter, it was Stanford all the way.
