# Research Club To Host Two Speakers
## 
### 
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
Cornelius P. Cot for,' assistant
professor of political science, and
David M. Mason, associate pro
fessor of chemical engineering,
will be guest speakers at the Stan
ford Research Club meeting to
night.
The meeting will bo held at K in
the Men's Faculty Clubhouse. All
faculty and staff members arc
welcome.
