# Albatross Collection Divided.
## 
### 
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
W. K. Fisher, '01, of the Zoology
department, is at present engaged
In the dividing of the Albatross
deep-sea holothurian collection of
1902 into three parts: one to he
sent to the National Museum, an
other to the University of lowa,
the third to he kept at Stanford.
