# Additions to Zoology Collections.
## 
### 
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
The Zoology department has re
cently received from Florida a
shipment of small American alli
gators for experimental purposes.
The attempt will he made to raise
the saurianß in the California cli
mate. A large number of starfish
dredged by the Albatross on the
western coast of America have also
been received from the National
Museum at Washington, D. C.
