# Euphronia.
## 
### 
The debate at Euphronia Saturday
evening was upon the question: " Rc
fiolved, That the rapid growth of Amer
ican cities is prejudicial to the best
interests of the Nation ." Sheldon and
Sand wick spoke on the affirmative
against Gunn and Gibbs. The affirma
tive won. Catheart read an essay on
"The l'aatriotism We Need." Brown
and Mcrril followed with an extempor
aneous debate.
The debate at Euphronia Saturday
evening was upon the question: " Rc
fiolved, That the rapid growth of Amer
ican cities is prejudicial to the best
interests of the Nation ." Sheldon and
Sand wick spoke on the affirmative
against Gunn and Gibbs. The affirma
tive won. Catheart read an essay on
"The l'aatriotism We Need." Brown
and Mcrril followed with an extempor
aneous debate.
The debate at Euphronia Saturday
evening was upon the question: " Rc
fiolved, That the rapid growth of Amer
ican cities is prejudicial to the best
interests of the Nation ." Sheldon and
Sand wick spoke on the affirmative
against Gunn and Gibbs. The affirma
tive won. Catheart read an essay on
"The l'aatriotism We Need." Brown
and Mcrril followed with an extempor
aneous debate.
