# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Pass-keys in Encinu have been ob
tained this year without the slight
est investigation as to the purpose
for which they were desired All
kinds of things lroui diamond stud-*
down to derby hats have been re
ported missing. If the house com
mittee will put two and two together
we think they will ngree with us that
the loan of pass-keys bhould be
strictly limited.
Pass-keys in Encinu have been ob
tained this year without the slight
est investigation as to the purpose
for which they were desired All
kinds of things lroui diamond stud-*
down to derby hats have been re
ported missing. If the house com
mittee will put two and two together
we think they will ngree with us that
the loan of pass-keys bhould be
strictly limited.
Pass-keys in Encinu have been ob
tained this year without the slight
est investigation as to the purpose
for which they were desired All
kinds of things lroui diamond stud-*
down to derby hats have been re
ported missing. If the house com
mittee will put two and two together
we think they will ngree with us that
the loan of pass-keys bhould be
strictly limited.
