# SOUTHERN ALUMNI TO WELCOME WILBUR
## Stanford Reunion in Los Angels on Saturday Evening to Welcome President 
### 
President Wilbur will be welcomed
with a "great Stanford re-union" by
the Stanford alumni in Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona, Saturday evening.
The reception is in tribute to Stan
ford's first alumnus president, and
includes a banquet and dancing.
J. M. Ross, '97, of Risbee, Arizona,
is toastmaster for the evening. Other
speakers will be Miss Maud Howell,
'10, of Los Angeles: Duncan Mac-
Kinnon, '99, of San Diego; R. D. Ly
man, '04, of Los Angeles, and P. J.
Hatkin, '10, of Pasadena. Dr. Wilbur
will make the speech of the evening.
Returns of the track meet and base
ball game will feature the evening,
along with Stanford songs, music and
stories.
