# Council Members Elected at Toyon
## 
### 
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
Toyon I Tall elected five new
members to its house council last
night and new-residents were in
troduced to Mrs. Dorothy Loof
bourow, the house director, the
five Resident Assistants and
Wolfgang Schulz. exchange stu
dent from Berlin living at Toyon.
