# Room, Hoard Bills Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
Students have today and to
morrow tn pny room and hoard
hills at tho Cashier's Office in
Eneina Hall between H a.m. and
p.m. After tomorrow these bills
will carry an additional fee.
The Cashier's Office will ac
cept mailed checks accompanied
by the statement if postmarked
by Oct. 5.
