# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser

FIRST SESSION—III last night's initial meeting of the 1956-57
ASSU Legislature, President Bob Freelen outlined the problems
the body is expected to deal with this year. Legislature members
shown are (left to right) ASSU Secretary Mrs. Liz Stone, Freelen
and Administrative Assistant to the President Steve i'allent.
—Daily Photo by Gary Broemser
