# Botanist Elected Society President
## 
### 
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
Professor William C. Steere,
Stanford University botanist and
dean of the Graduate Division,
has been elected president of the
American Society of Naturalists
for 1957.
His duties will include giving
the presidential address at the
annual meeting,, which will be
held at Stanford University next
September.
He is past president of the Cali
fornia Botanical Society and of
the Pacific section of the Botani
cal Society of America.
