# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
There will be a meeting of all
Inlramural unit managers today
at 4:30 in room 47 in the BAC.
Also, signups for nonaffiliated
students on tho board in Eneina
should be completed as soon as
possible.
