# 'I' CLUB
## 
### 
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of the"I" Club's
foreign students' discussion group
tonight from 7:15 to 8:15 in the
Magnolia social room of Lagunita.
