# Mechanical Engineers See Iron Works.
## 
### 
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
Last Fridav afternoon tbe Mechani
cal Engineering Society visited tbe Pa

cific Coast Iron and Steel Works of
San Francisco. While there, tlie em
bryo engineers witnessed the pouriim
and rolling of steel from an open
hearth furnace.
