# LAST DAMES MEETING
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
The Stanford Dames Bridge Group
will hold its last summer quarter
meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. According to
Mrs. David Gafs. chairman, the
women's pool will be open to the
Dames this afternoon from 1 to 3.
