# State Explains British India Rule
## 
### 
Dr. Walter Terence Stace, visiting
professor during the Summer Quar
ter from Princeton, spoke on British
rule in India yesterday. As a mem
ber of the British civil service in
Ceylon for 22 years, his speech was
based mainly on his experiences
there.

"Criticism of British rule in India
is often backed by little knowledge,"
stated Dr. Stace. "The majority of
power lies in the hands of the native
Rajah and not, as so many people
think, under the British governors.
There is a legislative body, not
wholly democratic in that its meas
ures are subject to veto in London,
but this seemingly autocratic gov
ernment's interest lies in the Indian
people." During his residence in
India, personal freedom existed as
fully developed as in America.
In regard to the question of India's
independence Dr. Stace stated,
"Gandhi represents only the Hindu
population, which is surprisingly
small in proportion to the entire
total. Eighty per cent of the people,
headed by the Moslems, are against
Gandhi and his proposals." Discuss
ing the controversies between the
British and Indian governments, he
said that the fault did not lie with
the British, but with the heads of
the two political parties. Congress
and the Moslems, because of their
complete lack of co-operation and
understanding.
