# Radio Election Uncontested
## 
### 
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
Herb Seiter is running unopposed
for KZSU station manager in the bal
loting now being held to elect a new
staff at the campus radio station.
Seiter, who is now program director,
will replace Dick Lentz as head man
at KZSU.
Lentz, outgoing station manager, is
running against Dale Cardwoll for
the office of business manager. Miss
Cardwell is winding up her term as
office manager on the present staff.
Steve Stevens is seeking re-elec
tion to the position of engineering
manager, but is contested by the
present recording engineer, Dick
Gross, and the studio engineer, John
Sehlobohm. Stevens has served as
engineering manager for the past
term.
Bob Lee, Roger Walters, and Al
Goudvis are running for the office of
program manager.
The entire staff of KZSU will
gather at an impromptu celebration
at Mama Garcia's Friday afternoon,
to which the entire campus is in
vited.
