# 'I' Clubs Plan Social, Tour
## 
### 
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
The Stanford International Club i«
sponsoring a luncheon meeting with
International Clubs from the Uni
versity of California and Mills Col
lege Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. in the Stan
ford Union. The luncheon will be
followed by an informal social, the.
purpose of which is to become bet
ter acquainted with the foreign stu
dents.
American and foreign students ars
invited. A limited supply of tickets
will be on sale in Willard M. Water
ous' office, 102G, until Tuesday. They
cost $1 25.
The program for the afternoon will
include a tour of the Stanford cam
pus.
