# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
— A consignment of thirteen
cabinets has arrived at the History
building. They are at present be
ing varnished in room 212. When
ready for use the cabinets will be
placed in the offices of the depart
ments of History, Economics, and
English.
