# Wilson: Ridgway Too Pro-Army'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
WASHINGTON — Defense Secre
tary Charles E. Wilson said today
General Matthew B. Ridgway ap
parently was too pro-Army to back
the administration's "new look" mil
itary program with its emphasis on
atomic-airpower.
He called Ridgway's main trouble
his inability successfully to wear
"two hats"—one as Army Chief of
StafT and the other as a member of
the Joint Chiefs of StafT who map
overall military strategy.
