# quadicisms
## 
### 
Thomas Bailey, professor of his
tory, on Revolutionary War generals
waiting to be called to lead U. S.
troops during the War of 1812: "They
were home waiting to be called and
rusting on their laurels."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, discussing counselors encour
aging student self-reliance: "Coun
selors have a suicidal goal in life.
They h<?pe to do away with them
selves."
James McNclis, English instructor,
on himself: "I decided last night I
must 'be going through serious per
sonality changes. I make all kinds
of errors and the only reason I can
see why I do this is to punish myself
for not having enough fun. The $64
question is: Do I like myself? And,
of course, the answer always comes
back, 'Yes'."
