# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is the intention of the Inter
society Debating League to advo
cate the removal of the annual
intercollegiate debate from San
Francisco to the campus of each
university on alternate years. The
proposed change is bound to come
sooner or later, for it follows the
recent tendency to bring intercol
legiate events to the universities.
There is no good reason for hold
ing the annual debate with
California in San Francisco. The
weight of argument seems to be
decidedly against it, for instead of
being greatly attended by univer
sity students the larger portion of
the listeners are those who go
through mere curiosity. On the
other hand the Carnot debate is
witnessed by almost the entire stu
dent body of the university on
whose campus it takes place. No
change in date will be necessary,
since the purpose evidently is to
have the track meet and the de
bate at the same university on
alternate years. It is to be hoped
that the decision will be made in
favor of campus contests, for in
this way every student will be
able to support the team by his
presence.
