# Library Receives French Rooks.
## 
### 
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
The Library has recently received
the "De Martry-Laveaux" edition of
La Pleiade Francois. This collection
is published in twenty-two volumes
and includes works of seven French
poets known as the "Pleiade." This
valuable edition is out of print and
hence is very rare.
