# Steam and Esteem
## 
### 
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
Editor, tlie Daily:
This is the Farm- a place with
many animals. The pigs are those
whose garbage lies on the Library
lawn.
P. ll<>nze
