# Coach Jack Scores Receiving
## 
### 
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
Stanford's pass catching and
pre-game attitude in addition to
the fine San Jose showing occu
pied most of Coach Jack Curtice's
attention in the goalpost-mortem
session Saturday afternoon.
"It looked as if the ends were
using their hands for back
boards," commented the Card
mentor, trying to explain part of
the failure of Stanford's aerial of
fensive. "The funny part is that
we'd been practicing pass receiv
ing all week and looking good
too."
Those dropped passes were also
disappointing to Dick Norman.
Curtice observed t hat Norman
felt that the receivers couldn't
hang onto his throws and this
was one of the reasons Rod Sears
took over quarterbacking duties
midway through the second quar
ter.
About the pregame attitude
Coach Jack said, "The team prob
ably thought they could beat San
Jose without an all-out effort. 1
knew differently, but it's hard to
tell the boys that. During the
game they seemed tired we had
four hard games prior to this

Curtice praised the Spartan's
showing and added, "I can't think
of anyone I'd rather lose to than
San Jose's Coach Bob Titchenal."
For the Indians, Curtice singled
out Stan Lindskog,' the sopho
more fullback who played a good
game on defense, knocking down
passes and stopping runs before
being injured in the second half.
Lindskog also ran a punt back 39
yards to the San Jose 17 yard
line, only to have a penalty nul
lify the effort.
