# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 ■ l
PHILPS-Tf*Kri. j
Ideal Sportswear
wrinkle resistant
LINEN SKIRTS
from 9.95 - 16.95
lo.ist navy blue - beige
yellow - white
wi th
Hcndan Tailored
Shirts
in
ly, plaid cotton or cool,
plain chambrays
4.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
