# Eneina Will Hold Election Run-off
## 
### 
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
Due to close results in the Enema
Council election Tuesday, ;i final
run-off election will he held on the
ballot.
Vying for the posts on the Council
will be Mel 'Butler, Wint. Mather,
Bruce Murphcy, and Newman Porter.
The two who receive the greatest
number of votes tomorrow will take
the place of two sponsors who now
sit on the Council, in line with the
switching of the hall government to
the hands of the freshmen.
