# Alumni Committee At Cal Has Solution To Oath Problem
## 
### 
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
BERKELEY, April 19 (fP) An
alumni committee's solution of the
non-Communist oath controversy at
the University of California wa"
approved tonight by the Alumni
Council.
The committee, which has sped by
plane from north to south to con
fer with university regents, with
President. Robert Gordon Sprou',
and with Governor Warren, pre
sented its recommendations to the
Alumni Association Council.
There were indications the plan
would be made public prior to Fri
day's meeting of the Board of Re
gents at, Davis where the contro
versy is moving to a new climax.
The regents have ordered all 11,000
university employees to sign the
oath by April 30 or resign. Unless
the regents rescind the order Fri
day, it will stand.
Stephen D. Bechtel, chairman of
the special committee, said "broad
areas of agreement" have been
found and his committee is "en
couraged."
