# Dr. Allen Resumes Organ Programs
## 
### 
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
| Dr. Warren D. Allen will present
his first organ recital in two quar
ters in Memorial Church this after
noon at 4:15. Dr. Allen has been
teaching at Florida State Univer
sity.
