# CARNIVAL DECORATING
## 
### 
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
Persons interested in decorating
for (he Junior Waler Carnival
should contact Klaine Brandon al
Madrono tomorrow or at (he
Boathousc Saturday morning.
