# Chan Will Speak On UN at Davis
## 
### 
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
David Chan, president of the
Stanford lIR, will address a region
al conference on UNESCO Saturday
morning in Davis. High school stu
dens from all over Northern Cali
fornia will attend.
He will keynote the conference
with an hour presentation, "There
Is a 'U' in UNESCO," stressing the
role of young people in meeting the
need for international understand
ing. Chan will suggest programs for
high school UNESCO groups and
report briefly on last week's Wash
ington meeting of the Commission
for UNESCO.
