# WOMEN'S GYM FIRE
## 
### 
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
The Stanford Fire Department was
called out at 5:15 yesterday after
noon. A hair dryer at the Women's
Gym had developed a short circuit in
the motor and had stafted smoking.
