# LANDY RUNS 4:02.3
## 
### 
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 21
(UP)—John Landy failed in another
attempt to run the four-minute mile
tonight, running the distance in
4:02.3, the sixth fastest official
clocking ever recorded for the dis
tance.
