# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Carnot tryouts held last night
brought out the fact that Stanford
will be well represented in the Car
not. debate, and also that there has
been a considerable increase in the
interest in debating among the mem
bers of the Student Body. This is
a fact which should be a source of
pleasure to every live Stanford stu
dent. Debating is a phase of under
graduate activity which does not gen
erally receive sufficient recognition,
particularly in view of the fact that
it requires a great amount of work
upon the part of those who partici
pate. There was a decided improve
ment in .the attitude shown last
night, when the Chapel was crowd
ed to witness the Carnot tryout. This
change is a good sign and we have
every reason to look forward to
strong support for the Cardinal de
baters when they meet California on
February 7.
