# TREAT LECTURES ON JAPAN.
## Outlines History of the Islands, Political Development, and Relations With European rowers. 
### 
The first lecture on Japan in the
series arranged by the Christian As
sociations was given last evening
when Instructor P. J. Treat of the
History department gave a brief out
line of Japanese history designed to
serve as a background for the more
specialized lectures to follow.
After describing the islands which
compose the Japanese empire and
pointing out their considerable ex
tent in latitude and longitude, he
outlined the legendary beginnings of
Japanese history and offered some of
the latest scientific theories concern
ing the origin of the Japanese peo
ple. The indebtedness of Japan to
China was discussed, especially in
matters of ethics and religion, Con
fucianism and Buddhism both com
ing from the latter country. The
political developments of the succeed
ing centuries were briefly summar
ized, especially the formation of the
dual government, in which the Em
peror at Kioto retained the nominal
power, whereas the actual power was
vested in the Shogun at Kaniakura or
Yedo.
In referring to the early period of
intercourse with Europe in the 16th
and 17th centuries, the lecturer said
"The Japanese acted wisely in clos
ing their ports to the belligerent na
tions of Europe at that time, for
during Ihe next two hundred years
Japan enjoyed profound peace, both
within and without the Empire, due
to the policy of seclusion and to the
wise statesmanship of the Shoguns."
The opening of Japan in the period
after 1853 was mentioned, but more
attention will be paid to this period
by the later lecturers.
