# NATIONALISTS REPULSED
## 
### 
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
NEW DELHI. India, Nov. 15 (UP)
Nationalist forces invading Nepal
have been repulsed with heavy
losses, the Nepali government said.
