# REVIVAL SERIES
## 
### 
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
At 7:30 tonight the Revival Se
ries will present several German
propaganda films. Amon« them are
"Baptism of Fire" and "Triumph of
the Will."
