# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
Branncr Hall announces the en
gagement. of Joan Fish, '52, to Wil
liam C. (Bud) McCord, '52. McCord
was president of the sophomore
class last year. A spring wedding
is planned.
