# Paralysis Victim Makes Pilgrimage
## 
### 

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.

FRED B. SNITE, JR.. who has lived in an "iron lung" for three years,
last week completed a 5000-mile pilgrimage from his native Miami to
the famed Miracle Shrine of Lourdcs, France, where he hopes his
prayers to the Virgin of Lourdcs will cure him of bis paralysi.*:. The
:!9-year-old invalid is shown as he left New York recently with his
father and a nurse.
