# Alpha Delta Sigma Installs Members
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
Alpha Delta Sigma, national ad
vertising fraternity, installed six
Stanford undergraduates and Rich
ard A. Russell of Lord and Thomas
into the local chapter last night.
The group picked Irving Wells,
William Wallace, James J. Baker,
Richard Mayo, Donald Gomes, and
James McKellar. Following the ini
tiation the group heard talks by
Howard Willoughby, national presi
dent of the fraternity, and Russell.
