# Untitled Article
## 
### 

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.

H. B. LEE. retiring A.S.S.U. pres
ident. A member of (he "Laughing
I'.onn" l/askctball <|uinte(, he
eur.ehed frosh cage squads.
