# Men's Vocom Features Carr
## 
### 
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
This week's Vocational Guidance
Program, scheduled for 7:30 tonight
in the Encina Lounge, will feature
an address by W. H. Carr, comp
troller of the California Packing
Corporation.
Carr, formerly a consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford,
will discuss opportunities in the
business field, especially as related
to production.
Carr received the A.B. degree at
Stanford in 1.028, then graduated
from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business in 1930. In 1945 and
1946 he was president of the Busi
ness School Alumni.
At present Carr is a member of
the Stanford Associates and a board
member of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation.
All interested men students are
invited to attend this week's Guid
ance Program.


V*'. 11. CARR, controller of Cali
fornia Packing Corporation, who
yvill speak tonight at Men's Voca
tional Guidance program.
