# Weekend Cow Palace Games Ducats on Sale
## 
### 
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
Student tickets for Stanford's
weekend Cow Palace basketball
panics will he on sale today and
tomorrow only at the ticket booth
in the Department of Athletics
Building.
Tickets for the Santa Clara game
Friday and the USF game Satur
day arc 50 cents to students with
student body cards. Both games
start at 9:15 p.m.
The ticket booth is open from
8:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to
I:3ft p.m.
Stanford's next Pavilion game
will be with Stewart Chevrolet on
Feb. 1. There will be no charge
and no tickets arc required.
Rooters' tickets for the Stan
ford-Bradley game Feb. 3 in the
Cow Palace will go on sale at the
Department of Athletics next
Monday and Tuesday. Jan. 22 and
23. Price will be sft cents and stu
dent body cards must be pre
sented.
