# Building Halt Ordered
## 
### 
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
WASHINGTON—The government
today called a 30-day halt to con
struction of new stores, hotels, and
other commercial buildings to save
defense materials and pave the way
for a strict federal licensing system
starting Feb. 15.
After that date, it will take gov
ernment permission to put up a bank
or barber shop, restaurant or shoe
repair shop, hotel, motel, or mor
tuary. The builder will have to prove
the building is needed for defense;
"essential" health, welfare, or secu
rity reasons; or to prevent '"hard
ship."
