# Ethics of the Tariff Controversy.
## 
### 
Those who attended the regular
Tuesday evening lecture hist night
wero treated to one of the fairest and
most scholarly discussions of the
tariff controversy that, we have
heard. The high rank taken by Dr.
Elliott's recent, monograph on the
tariff question entitles him to be
considered a leading authority on
matters pertaining to this much
vexed question.
The speaker first considered the
meaning of the words "protection"
and "free trade" seeking to empha
size the inherent principles which
hiy at the bottom of tho two terms.
Protection means restriction; free
trade means no restriction except
through competition. lie then
turned fora moment to tho past his
tory of the two systems. Tho pro
tective policies of tho various spates
thoughout the middle ages and al
most up to the present century, and
tho giadual growth ot tho /(iisscr:
/aire principle first, enunciated by
Adam Smith, leading up the free
tra<lo policy. In interpreting the
relative merits of the two systems by
their influence on our history we
find that two different schools can
draw two wholly different inferences.
Protectionists point to our phenom
enal prosperity as tho result of the
policy first introduced by Hamilton,
and to years of depression as the
direct result of tree trade tariff.
Free traders on the other hand as
signing our prosperity to other
causes, make protection responsible
for the numerous evils of our eco
nomic condition. Neither position
is correct, for neither policy goes far
enough to bring about such results.
Protection says restrict, and compe
tition will regulate prices. Free
trade says laitwaz /'aire and competi
tion will regulate prices. Hut it is
this great law of competition that
many of our economic conditions
transgress.
Dr. Elliott then dealt with the ef
fect of tariff upon manufactures and
labor, showing tho radical change ot
opinion in regarding tho latter,
which has conie about among pro
tectionists sinco Franklin's time.
Tho lecture closed with tho Lope
that the close of this century, which
has solved forever so many great
problems, might also witness the
solution of tho groat tariff question. !
