# Rifle, Pistol Teams Elect Turner, Hall
## 
### 
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
John •Turner was elected manager
of the rifle team and Cameron Hall
pistol team manager at last Wednes
day's meeting of the Rifle and Pistol
Team.
The club planned to start a .30
caliber rifle team, which will prob
ably be coached by Bill Hascon. Tar
get practicing took place at the
range.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11 (U.R).—
Displaying a superior aerial attack,
San Francisco Junior College de
feated Sacramento Junior College,
27-0, in a one-sided contest here
today.
