# Pierson To Tell About Silicosis In Radio Talk
## 
### 
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
Advocating the scientific and un
prejudiced survey of silicosis, one
of the health problems of industry,
Dr. Philip Hale Pierson will be the
Stanford Radio Hour sneaker next
Monday evening at 8:30 from station
KGO.
In his talk "What Everyone Should
Know about Silicosis," Dr. Pierson
will aim to introduce some facts that
arc not common knowledge about
this disease which afflicts workers
in industries where dust is preva
lent.
"Including all persons exposed to
silica in a potentially dangerous
state, there are approximately 500,-
000 in the United States," Dr. Pier
son says. Affiliated with Stanford
since 1916, the speaker is clinical
professor of medicine and consultant
in tuberculosis at the medical school
and an authority on lung diseases.
