# Frosh Election Set For Next Tuesday
## 
### 
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
J
Jack Grover yesterday declined to
run for president of the freshman
class, thus leaving only seven candi
dates in competition for the office.
The remaining nominees for presi
dent are: John Ahern, Donald Bib
hero, James Black. Jr.. Don Kennedy,
Robert Richardson, Robert Staver,
and Robert Warren. Seeking the of
fice of secretary-treasurer are Co
line Upshaw and Stanton Swafford.
The election will be held next
Tuesday, November 17, on the Law
steps between ihe hours of 8:30 a.m.
and 2 p.m. Balloting will be by the
preferential system.
