# LAB MATERIAL BURNS
## 
### 
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
Wednesday night a fire broke out
in the basement of the Chemistry
Building, destroying a quantity of
chemicals and doing .some, minor
damage to the walls of the room.
Equipment was called from the
Stanford fire department to extin
guish the fire.
