# WILL TEACH
## 
### 

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.

Edmund Landau, one of Europe's !
outstanding teachers of advanced
mathematics, will come to Stanford
from the University of Gottingcn for
the summer quarter.
