# SOCIAL SCIENCE HAS USUAL ELEMENTARY COURSES SCHEDULED
## 
### 
The standard elementary courses
in economics and sociology and a
variety of advanced and specialized
courses in these subjects will be
available in the summer quarter.
Professor Bernard Haley, who has
just returned from a year of study
and research at Harvard, will give
two courses, one on business cycles
and the other on theories of social
reform.
Dr. Richard T. LaPiere will give a
course of primary importance to stu
dents of sociology, on the develop
ment and character of social psy
chology. He will also conduct the
introductory course in sociology.
Professor Romanzo C. Adams, who
is now engaged in research at Hono
lulu upon problems of race move
ments and racial psychology, will
give two courses, one upon race re
lations and the other upon the so
ciology of migrations.
Professor H. H. Preston of the
University of Washington, who is
accepted as an authority in his writ
ings upon finance, will offer an ad
vanced course in problems of money
and banking and will also teach the
theoretical course in principles of
economics.
Professor C. Ward Macy of Coe
College will teach elementary eco
nomics and also a more advanced
course in economic principles.
