# SUMMER QUARTER GERMAN FACULTY TO BE NATIVE BORN
## 
### 
All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

All the summer quarter faculty ii
German, a subject which is bcinj
taken by more and more student
each year, will be of German bird
and all the courses will be given n
the German language. Ground j
covered from elementary classes t
a full program for graduate stu
dents, this latter in a five-year cycl
designed to provide opportunity fo
completing advanced degree re
quirements in summer quarters.
Courses cover the interests (
philology, literary history, cultur
history, modern Germany, and th
theory and practice of teaching Ger
man.
Dr. Reinald Hoops of the Univer
sity of Glasgow, formerly on th
faculty of the University of Frei
berg, will offer among other course
one comprehensively surveying con
ditions in present-day Germany an
will also give some illustrated let
tures in English for the gener;
University public.

Women ai'e naturally untidy an
indifferent to pretty things accorc
ing to Robert Briffault. a noted ar
thropologist.

