# Candidates' Schedule
## 
### 
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
Vlcki Drake will be present at
Branner at noon.
Denis Hayes will eat lunch In
Branner and dinner in Los At
cos. Tomorrow he will eat din
ner in Roble. Sunday he will eat
dinner at Theta Xi and hold a
meeting for regular and pros
pective members of his cam
paign committee in Serra
lounge.
Harvey H. Hukari, Jr. will at
tend the international coffee
hour in Otero lounge at 4, eat
dinner in Grove, where he will
speak afterwards on the "Poli
tics of Irrelevancy." Tomorrow
he will eat lunch in Grove and
dinner in Toyon. Sunday he will
give an after dinner speech in
Roble.
Hugh (Hue) Mac Donald will
eat breakfast in Otero and have
dinner in Cedro. He will eat
breakfast in Kappa Alpha to
morrow.
All candidates have been in
vited to a YAF sponsored de
bate on White Memorial Plaza
at noon.
