# Draft Calls May Go Up
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
WASHINGTON (CPS) — Se
lective Service Director Lewis
Hershey says that unless the
Vietnam war ends draft calls
will be much higher than esti
mated.
In secret Congressional testi
mony made public Monday, Her
shey said the estimated draft
call of 240,000 for Fiscal 1969
may be exceeded by as much as
100,000.
Hershey noted that in Fiscal
1968, actual draft calls far ex
ceeded the estimates of the De
fense Department, usually be
cause recruiting efforts were not
as effective as expected. The es
timate for the current fiscal
year, which ends June 30, was
285,000 men but Hershey esti
mates the final total will be
245,000.
Hershey also said that the
original estimate was only 200,-
000 but that he persuaded the
Defense Department to raise it.
The 240,000 draft call has
been by the Defense Department
to develop a set of figures show
ing that graduate schools will
not be hurt badly by the end to
graduate deferments which
takes effect in June. Many grad
uate schools have been object
ing to the Defense Department's
figures, which showed that the
low calls meant that not all of
the reclassified students would
be drafted.
