# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Pat Triplett, '58,
to Chuck Bonnett, '58, Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
