# Team Meetings
## 
### 
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
TODAY
Basket ball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All frosh candidates.
Basketball Managers: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor, Department of Ath
letics Building. All who are in
terested in managing any basket
ball team during the 1957-58 sea
son.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room,
room 360, in Encina Gym. All
frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. All varsity candidates.
