# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
Announcement
Of the opening of
Palo Alto's
NEWEST AND MOST
MODERN
BEAUTY SALON
We are specializing in Electrol
ysis and are equipped to satisfy
your utmost desires in the way
of "personality bobs" or individ
uality in the way of trims.
TRELLUS BEAUTY
SALON
PHONE 2484
Mezzanine Floor
Kenyon & Crow's New Store
University at Waverley
