# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Indications point to the ulti
mate closing of the Inn if the
present attitude of the stockholders
of the eating club can be taken as
their final position. The abandon
ment of the Inn will be universally
deplored, for it has occupied a
place in the University whose va
cancy necessarily will require some
very energetic work to fill. Uni
versal annoyance will be felt neces
sarily when there is no general
student dining-room. It is the in
tention of the bondsmen to retire
very shortly. They can not be
censured for their action, since
further operation on their part will
involve financial loss. It is to be
regretted that the students them
selves can not provide some satis
factory way of keeping the club open
Student eating clubs are a success
at other colleges, and until some
satisfactory reason to the contrary
presents itself the same supposition
will have to be made as to Stan
ford. The heavy deficit and the
fact that the running expenses are
daily more than the receipts are dis
couraging, but this deficiency man

ifestly has a foundation which
ought to be traceable. Under no
circumstances should the doors be
closed until every conceivable plan
is exhausted.
