# NEW TRUSTEES APPOINTED.
## Charles P. Eells and William Babcock Are Nominated by Mrs. Stanford. 
### 
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
The appointment of two new
trustees for the University was an
nounced by Mrs. Stanford at a
banquet given by her in San Fran
cisco last night in honor of the
Board of Trustees. The new ap
pointees are Charles P. Eells and
William Babcock, who will fill the
vacancies left by the resignation of
Senator William M. Stewart of Ne
vada and Russell J. Wilson of San
Francisco. Senator Stewart re
signed because constant absences
from the Coast prevented his at
tending the trustees' meetings,
while Mr. Wilson withdrew from
the board because of ill health.
Mrs. Stanford sent each of them a
letter expressing her appreciation
of the support they hava given in
the growth of Stanford University.
The selection of Mr. Babcock
and Mr. Eells as trustees was made
by Mrs. Stanford about ten days
ago, and was formally approved
by the Board of Trustees Saturday.
Formal announcement of the ap
pointment was made at the dinner
last night, which was the first
Mrs. Stanford has given to the
Board of Trustees, although a num
ber of receptions have been given
to them and members of their fami
lies in the past. The reception of
last evening was held at her resi
dence, on the corner of California
and Powell streets.
William Babcock is a prominent
business man of San Francisco, re
siding in San Rafael. He holds
several very responsible business
positions, and is president of the
Merchants' Exchange and of Par
rott & Company. Mr. Eells is a
well-known attorney of San Fran
cisco, and is prominent in society
circles. Both men are college
graduates, Mr. Eells being a Yale
man.
