# Freshman Soccer Team Plays Palo Alto High Here Tomorrow A. M.
## 
### 
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
The freshman soccer eleven will
meet the Palo Alto High School play
ers tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30
o'clock on the field behind the track.
Coach Ma'.oney has urged that the
frosh come out In full force for to
morrow's contest. The team has been
going good this year, their only de
feat being at the hands of the Cali
fornia, last week, and they look for
ward to little trouble with the high
school players.
