# TENNIS EXHIBITIONS POSTPONED BY RAIN
## 
### 
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
Due to the threatening weather the
scheduled championship tennis ex
hibitions will not be played tomorrow
on the Ent'ina courts. Captain Phil
lip Neer who has charge of the ar
rangements for the exhibition has
telegraphed the men not to come. The
courts are so wet after the prolonged
downpour that they cannot be used for
fast play.
