# Fascism To Be Discussed At Walrus Club Meeting
## 
### 
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
Fascism —its background, its plan,
uid what its proponents hope it will
mean to the economic welfare of
Italy—will be ihe topic discussed at
the Walrus Club meeting at 7:30
o'clock tonight on the second floor
of the Women's Clubhouse.
Elizabeth Jackson, who will speak
and lead the discussion, worked on
Fascism with the Institute of Inter
national Affairs during her recent
eight months' study in Geneva,
Switzerland. She was also the only
Stanford woman at the meetitng of
the Student Institute of Pacific Re
lations at Lokoya this Thanksgiving.
