# Maynard, '95, Sigma Nu, Di√©s In Los Angeles
## 
### 
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
Rae E. Maynard, Sigma Nu and
member of Stanford's fourth gradu
ating class, 1895, died Tuesday in
Los Angeles of a heart attack. May
nard was manager of the first foot
ball squad at Stanford and was on
the track team. Until eight months
ago he has been vice-president of
the General Petroleum Corporation
of California.
