# Mother Of Mrs. Roth Dies At San Jose Home
## 
### 
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
Mrs. J. O. Hayes, mother of Mrs. i
Almon E. Roth, wife of the Univer
sity comptroller, passed away yes- j
terday at her home in San Jose. !
Mrs. Hayes had been suffering from !
a severe illness for the past few j
weeks. Her condition had seemed j
slightly improved on Tuesday and :
her death came as a surprise.
Mrs. Roth had been visiting her 1
mother almost daily during the past j
few weeks but did not make her |
visit on Tuesday because of the fa- :
vorable reports on Mrs. Hayes' con
dition that day. I
