# Veterans' Pay Checks Coming a Month Late
## 
### 
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
The probable date for veterans to
receive their first subsistence
checks will be Sept. 1, due to a
temporary overload of administra
tive work at the Veterans Admin
istration.
Walter J. Findeisen, assistant to
the director of veterans' records at
Stanford, pointed out that new ap
plications for GI educational ben
efits take more time for processing,
and all checks will be approximate
ly a month late.
