# Literary Note.
## 
### 
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
The College Man's Number of the
Saturday Evening I'oat (of Phila
delphia), though planned primarily
to appeal to university men, will
interest all who care for the short
story at its best. Robert \V. Cham
bers, in 'The Spirit of the North,"
tells of.the adventures of Columbia
naturalists and their quest for the
dingue —hitherto supposed to he ex
tinct —in the unknown country be
hind the Hudson Mountains.
Charles Macomb Flandrau (author
of "Harvard Episodes") contributes
"Prince Protococoff and the Press
Club," an irresistibly funny episode
of Cambridge life. Jesse Lynch
Williams (author of "Princeton
Stories" and ''The Stolen Story")
chronicles "The Great College-
Circus Fight" between Princeton
students and a passing Wild-West
Show; and Arthur Hobson Quinn
(author of "Pennsylvania Stories")
tells the story of "The Last Five
Yards."
Among other contributors to the
number are Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
who discusses the regulation of col
lege athletics; Thomas Wentworth
Higginson, who describes the col
lege life of our grandfathers; and
President Nathan el Butler of Colby
College.
The College Man's Number was
out October 2Gth.
