# NOTICE!
## 
### 
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
The course on Dante and the Divine
Comedy to be given at 8 o'clock, Mon
days and Wednesdays and Fridays, in
Room 242 is open to juniors and seni
ors, in all departments. The lectures
will be given in English and the out
side readings will be in English.
OLIVER M. JOHNSTON.
