# Major Collins To Conduct Faculty Equitation Class
## 
### 
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
Next Tuesday has been set for the
first meeting of the Faculty Equita
tion Class. It will ride Tuesdays and
Thursday, at 3:00, from the Field
Artillery Stables. Major Collins will
conduct the class again this year, and
hopes to see even more of the faculty,
than the thirty of last year, in the
saddle.
