# Room-Board Fees Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
Final payment of room and board
foes for winter quarter can be made
until tomorrow noon, Fines will be
placed on bills unpaid at that time.
The University cashier in Encina
lobby will be open from 8:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m. daily and from 8:30 to
noon Saturday.
The Stanford Village cashier will [
be on duty from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday, and from 9:30 to 11
n.m Saturday for payment of Vil- '
