# Quads.
## 
### 
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
—Miss Mary Smith, ex-'99, is
visiting Miss Gertrude Rowell, '01.
—Miss Frances Hartwell of San
Francisco has been visiting her sis
ter, Miss Flora Hartwell, J O3, at
Roble for the past two days.
—S. P. Hardy, '02, A. Weihe, '03,
and W. P. Roth, '03, went to San
Francisco last evening for two
days' practice on the courts of the
California Tennis Club preparatory
to the intercollegiate tournament
Saturday morning.
