# Stanford Netmen To Begin Season
## 
### 
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
Captain Bob Underwood will play
in (be number one position on the
varsity tennis team in its opening
match of the season tomorrow
against the Golden Gate Park Club,
according to the lineup released
yesterday by Coach Sherman Lock
wood. The match is scheduled to
start at 2:30 o'clock on the Univer
sity courts.
An inexperienced aggregation will
take the courts with only Under
wood and Bob Braly having pre
vious varsity competition. Under
wood downed Braly 8-6, 6-0 in a
challenge match yesterday.
Line-up for tomorrow's match:
Singles—Underwood, Braly, Brock,
Gates, Seaver, and Folsom; doubles
—Underwood and Braly, Brock and
Folsom, and Laney and Gates.
