# Untitled Article
## 
### 
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
B. D. Shoemaker, '10, was married
to Miss Edna Nevin Tuesday after
noon in Pasadena.
