# Nothing like some good old necessary roughness
## 
### 

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily

The men's rugby team
beat Sacramento State
41 -32 on Saturday in
its first game on the
new rugby field. The
game was filled with
lead changes and the
go-ahead try was
scored by Luis Baez.
Baez had two other
goals to go with his
game winner. Also
scoring for the Cardinal
were Andrew Marien
berg, (twice) Anthony
Fontes and Jeremian
Jackson.

SEVGI YUKSEL/The Stanford Daily
