# Elect Miss Ward To Conference.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Women's Athletic Association
this noon, Miss M. Knox, '11, was
elected 1911 representative to the
hoard, and Miss H. Ward, 'OS, was
elected representative to the Presi
dent's Conference of Young Women.
