# CRAWFORD WILL COACH.
## Former Cardinal Captain Will Handle the Squad of the University of the Pacific. 
### 
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
D. P. Crawford, '09, captain of the
'09 Varsity and one of the greatest
forwards which the game of rugby has
produced in America, will coach the
rugby squad of the University of the
Pacific during the present season. The
squad of the Methodist College turned
out this afternoon for their first prac
tice under Coach Crawford. From the
showing they made it is expected that
the most formidable rugby fifteen ever
turned out by the University of the
Pacific should be'produced this season
by Coach Crawford. Crawford had
previously accepted the office of coach
at the University of Kansas, but upon
their decision to play the American old
game this year, he withdrew to accept
an engineering position at Mammoth,
Utah.
He accepted his present position re
cently and came direct from Mammoth
to assume his duties in College Park.
