# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Announcement was made in the col
umns ot' the Daily Palo Alto some days
ago of the fact that the Executive
Committee had offered several prizes
for the best bleacher song and the
most satisfactory yell that should be
submitted to the special committee
that has this matter in charge. Those
who have the ability should lose no
time in starting work upon a task that
means so much from the rooter's
standpoint. A successful song will
without question be a part of the pro
gram that is to be needed next Novem
ber, while yells are always important
factors in the encouragement that the
bleachers can give to the team. It is
to be hoped that many will take ad
vantage of this offer and submit a
variety of compositions from which
the committee can make its choice.
