# Inventor Injured In Freak Accident
## 
### 
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 5
(UP). —Con Ellsington, 38, mechanic
and inventor, was near death here
tonight after an unusual accident.
Ellingston, whose friends said he
made one of the first, rough models
of a crankshaft used in V-8 type
auto engines, was arguing with an
acquaintance at his workshop. He
struck a plate glass window and his
arm went through.
