# Winter Blast Hits Eastern Seaboard
## 
### 
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
Snow, sleet, rain, gales and drop-*
ping temperatures marked the first
blast of winter along the Eastern
Seaboard Sunday.
The U.S. Weather Bureau ordered
northwest storm warnings posted
from Cape Hatteras, N.C., northward
to Atlantic City, N.J., and New Ha-
I ven, Conn.
