# Russian Demand Halts Finn Deal
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
MOSCOW, Nov. 5 (UP). — Soviet
Russia's negotiations with Finland
were reported tonight to have been
brought to a standstill by Russia's
demand for a naval base on Hango
Peninsula to give her complete
domination of the entrance to the
Gulf of Finland.
The day passed without further
meetings between the Finnish and
Russian negotiators, while the Finns
awaited new instructions from Hel
sinki, but the official Communist
party newspaper Pravda threatened
"woe to anyone challenging us or
playing a provocative game on our
borders."
