# DO YOU KNOW
## 
### 
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
That many of the palaces and homes
of royalty in Spain have Otis Ele
vators. Among the more famous may
be mentioned the homes of the Duqu
ede Alcudia, Duquede, Najera, Marqu
esa de Carce Lopez.
The desire of complete comfort and
convenience is sufficioni reason why
the homes of the best families the
world over are equipped with Otis
Push Button Controlled Elevators.
—Advt.
