# Convention Times Slated
## 
### 
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
The Associated Student's con
stitutional convention will be
held in Bishop Auditorium in
the Graduate School of Business
starting at 9 a.m. Saturday and
running "into the afternoon,"
according to ASSU vice presi
dent Dennis Hayes.
The second session of the con
vention will convene a week
from Saturday, April 13, in the
same place.
