# Inn Club Elects Directors.
## 
### 
At an election of the University
Inn Club, held at the Inn last
night, C. K. Studley, '03, J. G.
Dehy, '03, George A. Scoville, '03,
and J. A. Merrill, '04, were elected
directors. Merrill ran as an inde
pendent candidate. Representa
tives from each table were also
chosen who will meet every Tues
day evening to discuss questions of
i mprovement.
This election marks the close of
the first year of the Inn under stu
dent management. As a student
enterprise the club has proven a
success, but as a boarding place it
has not been so satisfactory. The
chief reason that the Inn has not
given satisfaction is the lack of
adequate facilities for doing the
business which is required by the
club. The kitchen is crowded and
lacks equipment. The range, which
was intended to do the cooking tor
one hundred and fifty, now has to
meet the demands of over two hun
dred. The range also has to do the
work which was originally done by
steam from the boiler-room but
which was disconnected just before
the students undertook the enter
prise.
