# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
Cigarettes are now turned out by
machines at the rate of 2000 a minute.
