# INTRAMURAL SEASON STARTS NEXT WEEK WITH GOLF TOURNEY
## 
### 
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
Golf is the first athletic event in
the intramural calendar. There are
seven teams on the entry list now,
among them being the crack Beta and
3CI Toro teams of last year.
A week from today the entries will
close, competition starting on the fol
lowing Monday. The matches will be
held on the Emerald Lake Golf and
Country Club course at Redwood City,
■where by special arrangement the
varsity and freshman golf squads may
practice when the intramural matches
are over.
There has always been a superior
brand of golf displayed in these
matches and this season is bound to
be the same with some of the duos of
last year playing again.
Being the first intramural sport of
the year, a considerable advantage
will be given to the winning team
"which will receive a prize plaque be
sides points to be counted toward the
trophy that is awarded at the end of
the year.
