# STANFORD PROFESSOR DEPARTS FOR EUROPE TO CONTINUE STUDIES
## 
### 
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
Another Stanford professor who is
going abroad this fall is Lee Emerson
Bassett, head of the Public Speaking
department who is on sabbatical leave
from the University this year. He left
here last night with Mrs. Bassett for
New York where they will sail for
France the last of this month.
Professor Bassett plans to visit a
number of European universities to
investigate their methods of speech
instruction. At the same time he in
tends to do some writing to follow
up his "Handbook of Extemperaneous
Speaking" which has just come off
the press and will be used in the
Public Speaking classes here this
quarter.
In his absence, acting Assistant Pro
fessor Anthony Blanks, recently of the
University of California, will take
over Professor Bassett's courses in
Public Speaking.
