# VARSITY SQUAD ENDS TRAINING FOR NEVADA CLASH
## 
### 

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.

Still smarting from their defeat at the hands of the Saints last week, the Stanford squad has
been working out daily on Warner's pet dummy machine and on the scrimmage field. Coach Buck
Shaw will send his growling Wolf pack, a bit mauled by the Golden Bears, against a team that is
trying to redeem itself to its backers.
