# Southern Cal Y.M.C.A. to Give Plays for Veterans
## 
### 
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
Presentation of plays at the Old Sol
diers' Home and local churches will he
one of the activities of the Dramatics

group of the Y.W.C.A. at the University
of Southern California this year.
