# Football Back in Favor At St. Stephen's College
## 
### 
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
ANANDALE, N.Y.— (IP) —After two
years without a football team, St.
Stephen's college here has decided
that it cannot afford to exist as an
educational institution without the
grid same. Consequently the sport
has been reintroduced. Games will be
played this year with colleges which
have open dates 011 their schedules.
Next year a regular schedule will be
made out.
