# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
Bernice Chase, '27, who has been
traveling in Europe since her gradua
tion in June, will return to her homo
in San Jose the end of this month.
