# SWAN'S PROTEGES TO MEET PALO ALTO HIGH
## 
### 
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
Under the tutelage of Fred Swan,
Stanford grid captain of 1926, Burlin
game High School is sending a team on
the field against Palo Alto High Satur
day morning that is favored to win
easily.
Immediately at the close of football
season last year, Swan received several
coaching offers from schools in this sec
tion of the state. He is now stationed
with the Burliname institution, his team
having thus far gone through tough
games undefeated.
