# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
At the University of Capetown,
South Africa, the freshmen are re
qnred to wear stilt collars three
inches high, and bright green ties.
