# WOMEN NOMINATE OFFICERS.
## Candidates for Positions in Athletic Association Are Announced by Executive Board. 
### 
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
The nominations for officers of the
Women's Athletic Association for next
year were made this afternoon at a
meeting of the Executive Board of the
Association. The election will take
place next Tuesday between 11:15 and
2:30 in the Women's Rest Room. All
women who have paid their Student
Body fees are eligible to vote. The
three officers and the alumnae direc
tor were nominated unanimously, but
one of each of the class directors
will be voted upon. The names of
those nominated follow: President,
Miss M. James, '10; vice-president,
Miss S. Bundy, '10; secretary-treasur
er, Miss B. Haig, '11; alumnae direc
tor, Miss P. Abright; Senior Director,
Miss F. Burrell or Miss M. Miller:
Junior Director, Miss L. Woodhead,
Miss M. Knox or Miss W. Piggott;
Sophomore Director, Miss R. Overman,

Miss A. Bates or Miss D. Alderton:
President Montielh appointed the
following to have charge of ballot
boxes at the stated times: Miss TT.
Hardlson, '11, and Miss S. Bundy, 'Ift.
between 11:15 and 12:15; Miss M
Browne, '09, and Miss M. James, '10.
between 12:15 and 1:00; and Miss M
Montieth, '08, and Miss E. Hayward,
'10, between 1:00 and 2:30.
