# Euphronia Meets in Nortree Hall.
## 
### 
Last Saturday afternoon Eu
phronia met at the photographer's
in Palo Alto, and on account of the
rain a motion was carried to ad
journ to Nortree Hall for the reg
ular Saturday evening program
and dispense with the meeting at
night. The following program was
given, the speakers coming out on
the platform from the wings: Sym
posium of extemporaneous speeches
on the action of McKinley in call
ing an extra session of Congress;
Wilson. '00, Charles '98, Cuthbert
son, '00, Schwartz, '99, and Dyke,
'98: debate, ''Resolved, That the
railroad? of the United States
should be owned and controlled by
the national government"; affirma
tive, Furbush, '97, and Uurcham,
'97; negative, Daly, "00, and Mac-
Kinnon, '99.
Last Saturday afternoon Eu
phronia met at the photographer's
in Palo Alto, and on account of the
rain a motion was carried to ad
journ to Nortree Hall for the reg
ular Saturday evening program
and dispense with the meeting at
night. The following program was
given, the speakers coming out on
the platform from the wings: Sym
posium of extemporaneous speeches
on the action of McKinley in call
ing an extra session of Congress;
Wilson. '00, Charles '98, Cuthbert
son, '00, Schwartz, '99, and Dyke,
'98: debate, ''Resolved, That the
railroad? of the United States
should be owned and controlled by
the national government"; affirma
tive, Furbush, '97, and Uurcham,
'97; negative, Daly, "00, and Mac-
Kinnon, '99.
Last Saturday afternoon Eu
phronia met at the photographer's
in Palo Alto, and on account of the
rain a motion was carried to ad
journ to Nortree Hall for the reg
ular Saturday evening program
and dispense with the meeting at
night. The following program was
given, the speakers coming out on
the platform from the wings: Sym
posium of extemporaneous speeches
on the action of McKinley in call
ing an extra session of Congress;
Wilson. '00, Charles '98, Cuthbert
son, '00, Schwartz, '99, and Dyke,
'98: debate, ''Resolved, That the
railroad? of the United States
should be owned and controlled by
the national government"; affirma
tive, Furbush, '97, and Uurcham,
'97; negative, Daly, "00, and Mac-
Kinnon, '99.
Last Saturday afternoon Eu
phronia met at the photographer's
in Palo Alto, and on account of the
rain a motion was carried to ad
journ to Nortree Hall for the reg
ular Saturday evening program
and dispense with the meeting at
night. The following program was
given, the speakers coming out on
the platform from the wings: Sym
posium of extemporaneous speeches
on the action of McKinley in call
ing an extra session of Congress;
Wilson. '00, Charles '98, Cuthbert
son, '00, Schwartz, '99, and Dyke,
'98: debate, ''Resolved, That the
railroad? of the United States
should be owned and controlled by
the national government"; affirma
tive, Furbush, '97, and Uurcham,
'97; negative, Daly, "00, and Mac-
Kinnon, '99.
Last Saturday afternoon Eu
phronia met at the photographer's
in Palo Alto, and on account of the
rain a motion was carried to ad
journ to Nortree Hall for the reg
ular Saturday evening program
and dispense with the meeting at
night. The following program was
given, the speakers coming out on
the platform from the wings: Sym
posium of extemporaneous speeches
on the action of McKinley in call
ing an extra session of Congress;
Wilson. '00, Charles '98, Cuthbert
son, '00, Schwartz, '99, and Dyke,
'98: debate, ''Resolved, That the
railroad? of the United States
should be owned and controlled by
the national government"; affirma
tive, Furbush, '97, and Uurcham,
'97; negative, Daly, "00, and Mac-
Kinnon, '99.
