# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
The report of the four alumni, who
visited the Campus to investigate the
lecent suspension of forty-one .stu
dents by die Student Affairs Commit
tee, lias now reached the university
authorities and will be considered
by them. There has not yet been any
intimation as to what official recog
nition the report of the alumni will
be giyen, as the Student Affairs Com
mittee has not had sufficient time
11) consider the report. This report
covers the entire situation and we
believe that in its conclusions and re
commendations the alumni have
made a statement rhat is worthy of
official attention. There seems to
have developed a certain feeling,
which has been fostered by articles
in various papers, that the present
controversy in regard to the action
■of the Student Affairs Committee is
in reality a protest against all uni
versity discipline by the Student
Body. We deeply regret that this
impression should have gained cre
dence. Our position in attempting to
place the attitude of the Student
Body in the correct light may not
have a great deal of weight, due to
the natural prejudice that is attrib
uted to the Student Body publication.
However, the report of the alumni,
which certainly states our case in a
most fair and impartial manner,
ought to have a great deal of weight
in placing the Student Body in its
true position in regard to tlie whole
affair. And we sincerely hope that
ilie report will be given serious at
tention by the university authorities.
