# CHICAGO CROWDS GREET JOHNSON ON HIS ARRIVAL
## 
### 
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
qHICAGO, June 3.—A monster dem
onstration was piven Senator Hiram
Johnson on his arrival here today to
take personal charge of his campaign
for the Republican presidential nomina
tion.
the California senator's
train was 4<) minutes late, the huge
crowd that had waited for hours gave
Johnson a tremendous ovation.
Addressing the gathering from a bal
cony at his headquarters. Johnson de
clared : "1 am here as 1 have been else
where, to see that there is no pussy
footing, no hiding by the Republican
party on the League of Nations issue.
Those who believe as 1 do will tell Eu
rope that we will not be dictated to."
