# ENGINEERS MEET IN BIG ANNUAL OUTDOOR SMOKER
## 
### 
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
Clouds of smoke arising from 500
corncob pipes proclaimed the gathering
of Stanford engineering and chemistry
majors at the first annual get-together
outdoor smoker at the bandstand last
night. In an effort to bring the students
of the various engineering departments
closer together and to stimulate further
interest in the profession, the Engineer
ing Council made its first constructive
move since its organization, and final rat
ification a few days ago. The smoker
iltst night was given under the direction
of the new organization, and was super-
Faculty representatives of each of the
fraternity.
Faculty representatives of each of the
engineering departments were called on
for talks in the course of the evening.
Professors Swain, Wing, Ryan, and Tol
man, and Drs. Stillnian and Durand dis
cussed the beginning of the new engi
neering spirit and related experiences of
their college days. Dr. Stillman, in
whose honor the smoker was held, was
chosen as head of the Chemistry De
partment by Senator Stanford at the time
of the organization- of the University.
Dr. Stillman related many of his ex
periences as one of the first faculty mem
hers here.
Music was furnished by a campus or -
chestra and Encina Club nuartets, both
string and vocal. "Red" Riley gave a
couple of his song hits, among them his
campus famed "Bible story." J. F. Mil
ler. '2i, and C. C. Bunds, '20, staged a
five-minute wrestling match which re
sulted in a draw. At the close of the
program, sandwiches, ice-cream, punch,
and cake were served.
