# GARNER FAMILY IN WASHINGTON
## 
### 

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly before his inauguration as vice president, John N. Garner
(right) hustled down to the depot in Washington to meet his son,
daughter-in-law and grand-daughter upon their arrival from Texas for
the ceremony. Left to right: Mrs. Tully Garner, Genevieve Garner and
Tully Garner. (Associated Press Photo)
