# Stanford Actors Will Perform At Berkeley
## 
### 
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
With all proceeds going to the
establishment of tuition notes for
women, a program of two one-act
plays will be presented tomorrow
night at the College Women's Club.
Berkeley. Hie program, which is
given by the East Bay Stanford
Women's Club, is under the personal
sponsorship of Harold Helvenston,
and features members of his ad
vanced acting class.
"The Ingrate," by Waldo Salt, '34,
features Beulah Dimmitt, Charles
Mac Donald, and Waldo Salt, while
the other play, "The Family Tree,"
numbers in its cast Beulah Dimmitt,
Keith Tinndale, Gordon Steedman,
and William Mahu.
