# Babe Batmen Hand Defeat To Prep Nine
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
Stanford's freshman nine came
from behind in the seventh inning
of their game with Burlingame High
yesterday afternoon on the frosh
diamond to win by a 3 to 2 count.
Behind excellent pitching and
good hitting Burlingame outplayed
the Cardinal first-year men, but
errors at critical moments robbed
them of a possible victory. In the
seventh inning, with the lead at
stake, a single combined with a
walk and an error gave Stanford
the necessary two runs which in
the end gave them the game.
Elliott Blanchard pitched for the
home team with Oct Morgan receiv
ing, and allowed five scattered
singles. Hallet ana Watt worked ef- |
fectively for Burlingame.
Galbraith, Tremaine, and Blanch
ard each hit safely for the three
Indian hits.
Burlingame ....00002000 o—2 5 4
Stanford 0010 0 000 ♦—8 1
Batteries: Stanford, Blanchard and
Morgan. Burlingame, Hallet and
Watt.
