# Pre-Meds To Hold Last Meet Of Quarter Today
## 
### 
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
The final meeting this quarter of
the Pre-Medical Club will be held
at 7 o'clock tonight in Room 430,
Jordan Hall.
Activities for spring quarter will
be discussed, and plans made for
future meetings. All pre-medical,
pre-nursing, and other students in
terested in joining the club are in
vited to attend.
Under the chairmanship of Otis
Emik, a charter was outlined last
Friday night which will be com
pleted tonight.
