# Kirkwood, Rathbun Tell 4-Year Law School Plans
## 
### 
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
While prospective law students
jammed Room 214 last night, Dean
Marion I!. Kirkwood and Professor
Harry J. Rathbun explained the
details of the new four-year plan
for the Stanford Law School.
Among the requirements for un
dergraduate students who intend to
enter upon the new plan will be
courses in Political Science, Eco
nomics, History, and the Physical
Sciences.
