# CERMAK'S FAMILY HEARS DEATH REPORT
## 
### 

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)

Here are members of the family of the late Anton Cerniak as they heard the news outside the Miami
hospital that the Chicago mayor had finally succumbed to the wounds inflicted by Giuseppe Zangara, crazed
assasin Left to right: Mrs. Richey V. Graham, Mrs. Frank Jirka and Mrs. Helen Kenlay, daughters; Miss
Vivian Graham, granddaughter; Mrs. YV. B. Wright, friend of the family, and Mrs. Clara Beesley, executive
secretary to Cermak. (Associated Press Photo)
