# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Those were golden words of wis
dom that fell from the lips of our
honored benefactress yesterday in
the course of the address of presen
tation conveying to the University
the magnificent mansion in San
Francisco. In order that this ad
dress may be accessible to the stu
dents of the University it has been
printed in full as a supplement to
today's issue. Every i-tudent
should have one.
Those were golden words of wis
dom that fell from the lips of our
honored benefactress yesterday in
the course of the address of presen
tation conveying to the University
the magnificent mansion in San
Francisco. In order that this ad
dress may be accessible to the stu
dents of the University it has been
printed in full as a supplement to
today's issue. Every i-tudent
should have one.
Those were golden words of wis
dom that fell from the lips of our
honored benefactress yesterday in
the course of the address of presen
tation conveying to the University
the magnificent mansion in San
Francisco. In order that this ad
dress may be accessible to the stu
dents of the University it has been
printed in full as a supplement to
today's issue. Every i-tudent
should have one.
Those were golden words of wis
dom that fell from the lips of our
honored benefactress yesterday in
the course of the address of presen
tation conveying to the University
the magnificent mansion in San
Francisco. In order that this ad
dress may be accessible to the stu
dents of the University it has been
printed in full as a supplement to
today's issue. Every i-tudent
should have one.
Those were golden words of wis
dom that fell from the lips of our
honored benefactress yesterday in
the course of the address of presen
tation conveying to the University
the magnificent mansion in San
Francisco. In order that this ad
dress may be accessible to the stu
dents of the University it has been
printed in full as a supplement to
today's issue. Every i-tudent
should have one.
