# Baseball.
## 
### 
The class games, postponed on
account of the recent deluge, will
he played during the next two
weeks.
Next Wednesday the Seniors will
cross hats with the Juniors. Each
of the two upper classes contains
excellent material for the diamond,
so a hard-fought game may he ex
pected. On the following Friday
the Sophomores and Freshmen will
play the second game of the series.
During the hrief practise of the
present season the Century Class
lias furnished many of the most
exper.encfd players who have ap
peared on the field. Therefore, not
withstanding the fact that Ninety
nine has a very strong team, a
close contest will he witnessed when
this game is played. The two win
ning teams will play 011 Wednes
day, February 24.
Next Thursday at 2:30 p.m. the
Santa Clara College team will play
a return game on the campus.
The class games will he called at
'2 p.m. and an admission of ten
cents will he charged. The admis
sion fee at the Santa Clara game
will he twenty-five cents.
The class games, postponed on
account of the recent deluge, will
he played during the next two
weeks.
Next Wednesday the Seniors will
cross hats with the Juniors. Each
of the two upper classes contains
excellent material for the diamond,
so a hard-fought game may he ex
pected. On the following Friday
the Sophomores and Freshmen will
play the second game of the series.
During the hrief practise of the
present season the Century Class
lias furnished many of the most
exper.encfd players who have ap
peared on the field. Therefore, not
withstanding the fact that Ninety
nine has a very strong team, a
close contest will he witnessed when
this game is played. The two win
ning teams will play 011 Wednes
day, February 24.
Next Thursday at 2:30 p.m. the
Santa Clara College team will play
a return game on the campus.
The class games will he called at
'2 p.m. and an admission of ten
cents will he charged. The admis
sion fee at the Santa Clara game
will he twenty-five cents.
The class games, postponed on
account of the recent deluge, will
he played during the next two
weeks.
Next Wednesday the Seniors will
cross hats with the Juniors. Each
of the two upper classes contains
excellent material for the diamond,
so a hard-fought game may he ex
pected. On the following Friday
the Sophomores and Freshmen will
play the second game of the series.
During the hrief practise of the
present season the Century Class
lias furnished many of the most
exper.encfd players who have ap
peared on the field. Therefore, not
withstanding the fact that Ninety
nine has a very strong team, a
close contest will he witnessed when
this game is played. The two win
ning teams will play 011 Wednes
day, February 24.
Next Thursday at 2:30 p.m. the
Santa Clara College team will play
a return game on the campus.
The class games will he called at
'2 p.m. and an admission of ten
cents will he charged. The admis
sion fee at the Santa Clara game
will he twenty-five cents.
The class games, postponed on
account of the recent deluge, will
he played during the next two
weeks.
Next Wednesday the Seniors will
cross hats with the Juniors. Each
of the two upper classes contains
excellent material for the diamond,
so a hard-fought game may he ex
pected. On the following Friday
the Sophomores and Freshmen will
play the second game of the series.
During the hrief practise of the
present season the Century Class
lias furnished many of the most
exper.encfd players who have ap
peared on the field. Therefore, not
withstanding the fact that Ninety
nine has a very strong team, a
close contest will he witnessed when
this game is played. The two win
ning teams will play 011 Wednes
day, February 24.
Next Thursday at 2:30 p.m. the
Santa Clara College team will play
a return game on the campus.
The class games will he called at
'2 p.m. and an admission of ten
cents will he charged. The admis
sion fee at the Santa Clara game
will he twenty-five cents.
The class games, postponed on
account of the recent deluge, will
he played during the next two
weeks.
Next Wednesday the Seniors will
cross hats with the Juniors. Each
of the two upper classes contains
excellent material for the diamond,
so a hard-fought game may he ex
pected. On the following Friday
the Sophomores and Freshmen will
play the second game of the series.
During the hrief practise of the
present season the Century Class
lias furnished many of the most
exper.encfd players who have ap
peared on the field. Therefore, not
withstanding the fact that Ninety
nine has a very strong team, a
close contest will he witnessed when
this game is played. The two win
ning teams will play 011 Wednes
day, February 24.
Next Thursday at 2:30 p.m. the
Santa Clara College team will play
a return game on the campus.
The class games will he called at
'2 p.m. and an admission of ten
cents will he charged. The admis
sion fee at the Santa Clara game
will he twenty-five cents.
