# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Communications on any subject
affecting student interests are al
ways acceptable. Hut it must be
understood that the editors of the
paper are in no way responsible for
sentiments expressed in this man
ner.
Communications on any subject
affecting student interests are al
ways acceptable. Hut it must be
understood that the editors of the
paper are in no way responsible for
sentiments expressed in this man
ner.
Communications on any subject
affecting student interests are al
ways acceptable. Hut it must be
understood that the editors of the
paper are in no way responsible for
sentiments expressed in this man
ner.
Communications on any subject
affecting student interests are al
ways acceptable. Hut it must be
understood that the editors of the
paper are in no way responsible for
sentiments expressed in this man
ner.
Communications on any subject
affecting student interests are al
ways acceptable. Hut it must be
understood that the editors of the
paper are in no way responsible for
sentiments expressed in this man
ner.
