# Cuba Libre.
## 
### 
In response to solicitations from
the officers of the Cuban League of
the United States, having its head
qua ters in New York City, a num
ber of members of the faculty have
interested themselves in the move
ment, and have started a subscrip
tion list to aid the Cubans in their
fight for liberty. Several hundred
circulars have been printed and
distributed, and an attempt will be
made to raise a large sum for the
cause. Prof. B. C. Brown has the
matter in charge.
In response to solicitations from
the officers of the Cuban League of
the United States, having its head
qua ters in New York City, a num
ber of members of the faculty have
interested themselves in the move
ment, and have started a subscrip
tion list to aid the Cubans in their
fight for liberty. Several hundred
circulars have been printed and
distributed, and an attempt will be
made to raise a large sum for the
cause. Prof. B. C. Brown has the
matter in charge.
In response to solicitations from
the officers of the Cuban League of
the United States, having its head
qua ters in New York City, a num
ber of members of the faculty have
interested themselves in the move
ment, and have started a subscrip
tion list to aid the Cubans in their
fight for liberty. Several hundred
circulars have been printed and
distributed, and an attempt will be
made to raise a large sum for the
cause. Prof. B. C. Brown has the
matter in charge.
In response to solicitations from
the officers of the Cuban League of
the United States, having its head
qua ters in New York City, a num
ber of members of the faculty have
interested themselves in the move
ment, and have started a subscrip
tion list to aid the Cubans in their
fight for liberty. Several hundred
circulars have been printed and
distributed, and an attempt will be
made to raise a large sum for the
cause. Prof. B. C. Brown has the
matter in charge.
In response to solicitations from
the officers of the Cuban League of
the United States, having its head
qua ters in New York City, a num
ber of members of the faculty have
interested themselves in the move
ment, and have started a subscrip
tion list to aid the Cubans in their
fight for liberty. Several hundred
circulars have been printed and
distributed, and an attempt will be
made to raise a large sum for the
cause. Prof. B. C. Brown has the
matter in charge.
