# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Considerable dissatisfaction hs
been expressed because the .Juniois
voted to apply part of the proceeds
of the assessment to the discharge
of past (b'l)ts. We do not wish to
justify any deviation from the
precedent of the three past years,
that the entire Junior assessment
be applied toward the expenses of
the Annual. However, class debts
allowed to run indefinitely tend to
increase in number and we think
that Ninety-eight should pay its
debts, many of which are of long
standing. Whether these should
be paid at the expense of the An
nual is another question, which the
.Juniors should consider carefully.
Considerable dissatisfaction hs
been expressed because the .Juniois
voted to apply part of the proceeds
of the assessment to the discharge
of past (b'l)ts. We do not wish to
justify any deviation from the
precedent of the three past years,
that the entire Junior assessment
be applied toward the expenses of
the Annual. However, class debts
allowed to run indefinitely tend to
increase in number and we think
that Ninety-eight should pay its
debts, many of which are of long
standing. Whether these should
be paid at the expense of the An
nual is another question, which the
.Juniors should consider carefully.
Considerable dissatisfaction hs
been expressed because the .Juniois
voted to apply part of the proceeds
of the assessment to the discharge
of past (b'l)ts. We do not wish to
justify any deviation from the
precedent of the three past years,
that the entire Junior assessment
be applied toward the expenses of
the Annual. However, class debts
allowed to run indefinitely tend to
increase in number and we think
that Ninety-eight should pay its
debts, many of which are of long
standing. Whether these should
be paid at the expense of the An
nual is another question, which the
.Juniors should consider carefully.
Considerable dissatisfaction hs
been expressed because the .Juniois
voted to apply part of the proceeds
of the assessment to the discharge
of past (b'l)ts. We do not wish to
justify any deviation from the
precedent of the three past years,
that the entire Junior assessment
be applied toward the expenses of
the Annual. However, class debts
allowed to run indefinitely tend to
increase in number and we think
that Ninety-eight should pay its
debts, many of which are of long
standing. Whether these should
be paid at the expense of the An
nual is another question, which the
.Juniors should consider carefully.
Considerable dissatisfaction hs
been expressed because the .Juniois
voted to apply part of the proceeds
of the assessment to the discharge
of past (b'l)ts. We do not wish to
justify any deviation from the
precedent of the three past years,
that the entire Junior assessment
be applied toward the expenses of
the Annual. However, class debts
allowed to run indefinitely tend to
increase in number and we think
that Ninety-eight should pay its
debts, many of which are of long
standing. Whether these should
be paid at the expense of the An
nual is another question, which the
.Juniors should consider carefully.
