# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "

"We're pretty well stocked with 'Phi Urp' pins, Louise. Why
don't you start dating boys out of the 'Signa Phi Nothing' ira
ternity from now on? "
