# PENSION TESTER BROKE
## 
### 
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
CHELAN. Wash., Jan. 27 (UP).- -
Although he had $200 nearly two
weeks ago, Curtis C. Fleming, 63,
first tester of the Townsend pension
plan, was almost broke again today.
