# The 						SCRAPBOOK
## FIDDLING AROUND 
### 
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
(Clipped by Bob Bcrnhard)

And when you hear the violin —
that's Paul Pendarvis! Yes, he's
coming back to the Rose Room Bowl
of the Palace Hotel Thursday, Feb
ruary 4. But Paul's a busy man now.
He's under contract to Warner Bros,
and may have to commute between
Hollywood and San Francisco during
his engagement at the Palace.
