# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
CHARGE ACCOUNT
PRIVILEGES . . .
We'l! be glad to save you time,
by establishing a charge account
for you snd billing you once a
month. Busy people find it the
best way to service their cars
v/ith gr.s and oil.
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Carntno Real
across from Stadium
