# TURKS CONDEMN VICHY FOR AIDING GERMANS
## 
### 
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
ISTANBUL, May 18 (UP). —The
Turkish press today strongly at
tacked the French government for
permitting German planes to use
Syrian air bases en route to Iraq
for use against the British.

"The handing over of the Syrian
bases to the Axis in no way agrees
with Turkish interests," said the
newspaper Iskdam.

The influential Yeni Sabah said
that "although all imperialism is
bad, German imperialism is the
worst."
