# Coward's Comedy Opens Wednesday
## 
### 
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
"Hayfever," a modern comedy by
Noel Coward, will be the last pro
duction of the quarter to be pre
sented by the Department of Speech
and Drama. It will open for a four
night run in the Little Theater
Wednesday night.

The comedy is typical of Coward's
style in presenting a situation in
which four couples are evenly
matched and get into impossible con
versational dilemmas which arc so
incongruous as to be hilarious.
