# Co-op Room and Board Applications Opened
## 
### 
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
Applications will be accepted up to
and including Wednesday, May 21,
for memberships in the Walter
Thompson Co-op House at 536 Al
varado. Those interested in resi
dence or board for summer or fall
quarters should see or call Willard
Mitchell.
