# Tryouts for Mural Swim Tomorrow
## 
### 
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
Aspiring swimmers who wish to
compete for their respective living
groups should report to Encina
Pools tomorrow at 4:15 when the
trials of the intramural swimming
championships will be held.
Entrants who survive the trials
will compete in the finals of their
events Thursday afternoon at 4:15.
Alpha Delta Phi is defending cham
pion.
