# Adv. 40 Page 10
## 
### 
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
PROCRASTINATION
Workshop for Graduate Students
experiencing difficulties in
completing academic requirements.
FRIDAYS 2-4 PM
HUSTON HOUSE
BEGINS OCTOBER 21
(Seven Sessions)
Call CAPS 497-3785 |
