# College Motes.
## 
### 
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
Quarantined members of the Phi
Delta Theat, fraternity at Syracuse
held a "formal —de hyde" party last
week.
Chicago has a 17 year old graduate
student. He received his A. P. in De
cember, and majors in the Greek de
partment.
English, as it is written by Welles
ley girls, is so poor that the faculty
has added a course of spelling and
punctuation to its curriculum.
Professor C. E. Merriam of the Po
litical Science Department of the
University of Chicago has announced
his candidacy for mayor of Chicago.
