# Electionsâ€”Spain
## 
### 
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
Spain, now a republic, goes in for
elections seriously. Eight people
were killed in riots and scores in
jured as delegates to first regular
congress of second republic were
elected. Wbmen, for the first time
given the, franchise in Spain, are
held responsible for election of
rightist, radical republic delegates.
Eighty per cent of electorate turned
out.
