# Called a Draw
## 
### 
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
S.F.'s little big game, St. Mary's
vs. Santa Clara, ended in a (>-G tie.
Sec page two.
