# VANCOUVER WIRE
## 
### 
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
Lee Chapin, Stanford's debate
coach, received the following
telegram from Rollin Woodbury
and Bob Grantier from Van
couver, where they took the
affirmative of "Resolved, That
the United States is primarily
responsible for the present
world depression":
"Wild boys ol the road hav
ing time of their lives. Food
sumptions. Women wonderful.
Arts ball was crowning affair.
Everything swell. Debate went
off smoothly before a capacity
house. Eked out decision 3-1."
