# Adv. 44 Page 10
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become A
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program.' For
understanding that if
cantoris detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased
Thank you.
Hundreds of
companies now
have an American
Cancer Society
Employee Education
Program. If yours "
isn't one of them,
call us.
i
American Cancer Society
SHARE
THE
COST
OF
LIVMG.
t
GIVE TO THE
AMERICAN
CANCER SOCIETY.
