# Festival Notes
## 
### 
Pianist Paul Badura-Skoda is
cheduled to give a solo concert
Saturday at 8:30 p.m. in Mem
orial Auditorium. He will play
J. C. Bach's "Sonata for the
liarpsichord or the Piano Forte
n E-flat Major"; C. P. E. Bach's
Free Fantasia in F-sharp Mi
nor;" Haydn's "Sonata in E-flat
Major" and three Mozart works
'Rondo for Keyboard," "Sonata
in F Major with Rondo Andante,"
md "Fantasia for Keyboard."

Harpsichordist Margaret Fab
rizio will appear in a concert
this evening at 8:30 in Dinkel-
Auditorium. Her program
will include the works of Bach,
Alberti, Cimarosa, and Soler.
Miss Fabrizio, who began her
formal music education before
the age of three, has recently
been performing on the West
Soast as a solo artist with major
>rchestras and on television.
