# From the Farallones.
## 
### 
A. W. Greeley, '98, and C. E.
Oilman, '01, returned from a trip to
the Farallone Islands Monday
evening. They were granted a per
mit from the United States Light
house Inspector to land on the
islands and make collections of
marine animals, about which very
little is known because good collec
tions of the waters about these
islands have never been made. The
trip was made in the Government
supply boat which, after making a
short stop at the islands, took the
collectors across to Balinas Bay,
where a line collection of tide pool
fishes was obtained. These collec
tions will serve to show the rela
tion of the Farallones fauna to that
of the mainland.
