# "Y" CONFERENCE OF HIGH SCHOOL BOYS MEETS HERE FRIDAY
## 
### 
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
Over 300 upperclass high school boys
from Northern California high schools
will attend the Older Boys' Confer
ence, which is to be held here this Fri
day, Saturday, and Sunday under the
auspices of the local Y. M. C. A.
In view of the fact that this is a good
opportunity to interest the boys in Stan
ford and Cardinal athletics, the Board
of Control has granted the delegation
free admission to the game with Santa
Clara Saturday.
The list of speakers for the confer
ence includes Professor R. E. Swain of
the Chemistry Department, Dr. F. A.
Agcr of New York, and representatives
from the College of the Pacific. Aside
from the talks the program will consist
<»112 an excursion through the Memorial
Church, hikes in the hills, and a big
bonfire feed Saturday evening. Enter
tainment of the delegation will be con
ducted by the Y. M. C. A. Cabinet.
