# No Walking in Hills After Dark, Is Ruling
## 
### 
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
Conference last night passed resolu
tions changing the ruling regarding
walking in the hills to read "There
shall be no walking in the hills after
dark." It was also decided that fin
assembly of women should he called
within the next two weeks to deter
mine the status of (he Women's War
Hoard.
