# Lieut. Ashley Brown, '19, Returns From Virginia
## 
### 
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
Lieutenant Ashley Rrown, *10, ro
turned yesterday from Cnmp T,ee, Va.
Hrown was stationed for a time at
Tamp Fremont, in the mounted police
department. Tie majored in Ento
mology.
