# French Africa Talk Scheduled
## 
### 
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
The topic of discussion in tomor
row's "Y" Public Affairs Luncheon
will be "Should the Colonies of
Frcnch North Africa Be Granted
Autonomy?"
Al Marer, graduate student in
history, will be moderator at the
noon discussion, which will be held
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse. The price of the lunch
eon will be 30 cents. All who are
interested are invited to attend.
