# Student Company Extends Dates.
## 
### 
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
The Student Transfer Company lias
extended the time during which they
will transfer baggage at the close of
this semester. Beginning May 10 the
company will he prepared to handle
all students' baggage until May 25.
This extension of time has been made
in order to accommodate all under
graduates who intend to leave the
Campus.
