# Acacia Defeats Theta Delta Chi.
## 
### 
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
The fourth game of the Interfratcr
nity baseball series was played yester
day between Acacia and Theta Delta
Chi, and was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 4.
