# Credit for Women's Athletics.
## 
### 
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
There will be a new course in women's
gymnastic work next year whereby out
door athletic exercises regularly done
under direction of an instructress, will
be credited.
