# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
