# Professor to Talk On Walt Whitman
## 
### 
Professor Leslie A. Fiedler, head
of the English Department of Mon
tana State University, will lecture
on Walt Whitman this afternoon at
4:15 in the Bender Rare Book Room
on the Stanford Library Intermezzo
Series program.
Professor Fiedler's lecture is in
connection with the centenary year
celebration of the publication of
"Leaves of Grass." He contributed
"Images of Walt Whitman" to a
commemorative collection of essays
by William Carlos Willams, David
Daiches, and others, published by
Stanford University Press under the
title "Leaves of Grassâ€”One Hun
dred Years After."
On display through Feb. 5 in the
main foyer of the library is an ex
hibition of the Stanford Library's
material on Whitman.
The talk is open to the public
without charge.
