# Activities
## 
### 
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion has scheduled two activities for
the weekend; a cocktail party to
morrow atfernoon at Frank's Steak
House and a mixer at the Village
Clubhouse after the Sunday Nigh I
Flicks.
Time for the cocktail party, which
will be a regular Friday afternoon
graduate activity for the rest of the
quarter, is 4. Admission is free.
Music will be furnished by a small
combo and refreshments will be
served.
