# Stanford Second In NSF Grants
## 
### 
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
The University of California at
Berkeley and Stanford rank first
and second nationally as study
centers for winners of National
Science Foundation cooperative
graduate fellowships in the sci
ences, mathematics, and engineer
ing.
The NSF has awarded the co
operative fellowships to ."54 stu
dents for study at Berkeley and
.11 to study at Stanford. MIT
ranked third nationally with 49,
while the University of Michigan
was fourth with 41.
MOBK THAN l!S(l colleges and
universities cooperating in the
national program made the initial
evaluation of applications for the
fellowships, which provide a mini
mum stipend of $2,400 plus de
pendents' allowances.
