# Skiers Will Plan Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
All persons interested in trying
out for the Stanford ski team are
invited to meet with the team at
9:30 a.m. tomorrow in the Nitery.
Freshmen are eligible and are
especially urged to come, accord
ing to Bart Tooley, team coach.
Interested persons may contact
Allen Jones, Toyon, for further
information.
