# Phi Kaps, Stillman Hold Open House
## 
### 
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
I'lii Kappa Psi and Stillman
will hold ;i joint open house im
mediately after tlio Stanford-
Oregon State g;imo tomorrow at
the Phi Kappa Psi house.
Refreshments will ho provifled
and Kl Dorado Dixie* Land Band
will provide (lie entertainment.
