# Adviser Change For LD Students
## 
### 
Returning students in lower di
vision whose advisers of last year
are not on duty this quarter
should see Miss Ann Chamberlin,
General Studies secretary, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
Miss Chamberlin will give stu
dents assignments to new advis
ers.
Officials in the Registrar's Of
fice said that Nov. 19 is the dead
line for filing petitions for final
examination changes. Petition
blanks may be obtained from
Mrs. Marlene Handy at the of
fice. They must be signed by the
instructor before being turned in
to the office.
Officials pointed out that peti
tions must be filed by any stu
dent wishing to make a change in
his examination time.
