# SOPHOMORES PREPARE FOR DANCE IN ARMORY
## Decorations for Cotillion Will be Green and White-McDonald’s Orchestra to Play. 
### 
Everything is in readiness for the
Sophomore Cotillion tomorrow night.
With the exception of certain finishing
touches to the decorations the com
mittee has completed the most detailed
arrangements for a successful dance.
Starting promptly at eight-thirty
o'clock, the grand march will issue in
the 1915 formal affair to the music of
"Gaby Glide." There will be sixteen
dances on the programs, including
fourteen regulars and two extras. A
special feature of the evening will be
the favor dance. This does not appear
in the programs, which were placed in
the Bookstore today. McDonald and
his eight-piece orchestra will furnish
the music.
The Armory decorations will not be
lacking in quality and beauty. Fol
lowing the color scheme of green inter
mingled with white, the lounging room
will be a bower of flowers and shrub
bery. Potted plants, palms, smilax,
and shrubbery will make a soft,
pleasing atmosphere to the spacious
ball room. The stage will be lost to
view behind a wall of foliage. Adding
to the decoration of floWers and plants
green crepe paper streamers will be
strung from the center chandelier to
the corners and sides of the hall. The
lights will be subdued with a pink
effect around the shades.
The committee again makes the an
nouncement that carriages and flowers
will be tabooed, and requests that all
adhere to this. A car will leave the
campus at 7 :.">(» for the dance. Re
turning, there will be two cars which
will bring the students home after the
last waltz.
