# Post-Season Rugby.
## 
### 
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
Teams 5 and (5 are to lineup at 3:30,
immediately after Berkeley-Palo Alto
same.
Due to the conflict with the cross
country meet, the post-season rugby
contest between teams 3 and 4, Cap
tains Risling and Urban, will be played
Saturday afternoon after the game be
tween 5 and 6.
