# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Albert Navarro, '35.
