# BASEBALL PASSES FOR THE FIRST FAMILY
## 
### 

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)

Jimmy Griffith, one of the adopted sons of Clark Griffith, owner of the Washington Senators, is shown here
presenting President Franklin D. Roosevelt with a pass to baseball games played at the Capital. Griffith is
standing between Jimmy and Billy, who also took along a pass for Mrs. Roosevelt. (Associated Press Photo)
