# TICKETS SOLD TODAY FOR MAY 1 BANQUET
## Y.W.C.A. Officers Installed At Annual Meeting 
### 
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
Newly-elected officers formally
assume their positions Tuesday, May
1, at the annual Y.W.C.A. installa
tion banquet. Tickets, tentatively
set at the nominal sum of 25 cents,
go on sale today, with all "Y" mem
bers invited to attend.
Alice Dolan, in general charge of
arrangements, has announced the
following chairmen for the commit
tees: Waitresses, Dale Adams; pro
gram, Margaret Pelton; tickets, Ger
trude Blanchard and Louise Harlan;
decorations, Eileen Kolley; place
cards, Barbara Brenk; songs, Marion
Hattersley. Barbara Steinbeck will
act as toastmistress, and Helen Gro
ver is securing speakers to respond
to the toasts.
Jo Schlatter will replace Anna
Louise Aynesworth as "Y" presi
dent, the former having served in
various capacities during her years
as member of the society. Wilma
Jenkins, last quarter chairman of
the Family Relations Group, assumes
office as vice-president; Mary Agnes
King as secretary; and Barbara
Steinbeck will be installed as treas
urer.
