# JOBS AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
Mrs. Irene Spenner, head of the
Appointment Service, reports that
she has several jobs abailable; some
are for both board and room, some
just for board, and some just for
room. All interested, particularly
those on the emergency list, are
asked to see Mrs. Spenner in her
office in the Administration Build
ing.
