# PUSHES CRIME BILLS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
WASHINGTON, April 23 (/P).—
President Roosevelt gave the word
today for speeding up anti-crime
bills in Congress as John Dillinger
was accused of killing a Federal
agent.
