# Wert to Outline Building Program
## 
### 
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
Robert J. Wert, Assistant to the
President, will extend the "Stanford
—Today and Tomorrow" program
tomorrow at the off-campus student
luncheon with a speech on the Uni
versity's buildings and land-dcvel
opment. program.
Wert will explain the details of
Stanford's lonq-ranqe plans to de
velop f>,ooo acres of its property
into commercial, industrial, and res
idential areas.
The luncheon, to be held in the
lower lounge of Ihe Women's Club
house, will be open to all off-cam
pus men and women.
The speech will be the only one
in the "Stanford — Today and To
morrow'' program for ofT - campus
students.
