# Alpha Delta Sigma Officers Elected
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
Alpha Delta Sigma, men's profes
sional advertising fraternity, yes
terday announced its new officers
for the 1953-54 school year.
New officers arc Pat O'Neil, pres
ident; Skip Hartman, first vice
president; Tim Sharpe, second vice
president; John McCombs, tresusur
er; Jim Hood, secretary; and Ron
Po/.e. parliamentarian. The new of
ficers will be installed at the quar
terly meeting of the Stanford Press
Club on May 27.
