# De Haas Does Work on State Board.
## 
### 
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
J. A.de Haas, an instructor in the
Economics department, has been em
ployed at Sacramento during the holi
day vacation on the State Industrial
Commission, lie studied agricultural
opportunities for immigrants expected
on the coast in great numbers after
the opening of the Panama canal. De
Hass retains his position on the board
although still continuing his work in
the university.
