# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
C.P. Happy, '11, is practicing law
with his father in Spokane, Washing
ton.
