# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
California's registration for this
semester is 5250, exceeding that of
last semester by 335. 200 were drop
ped for failing to make eight units.
