# LONDONER VISITS RYAN LABORATORY
## 
### 
Professor MacGregor-Morris of the
electrical engineering department,
University of London, was a visitor
at the Ryan High Voltage Laboratory
last week. He was in the United
States as a delegate to the Interna
tional Illuminating Engineering Con
gress, held in the East.
In addition to his service as a dele
gate, Professor Morris was making a
study of high voltage laboratory prac
tice and equipment in the United
States. While at the Ryan Laboratory
he witnessed high voltage demonstra
tions and made a study of the equip
ment to determine what in the build
ing and operation are the essentials
of a high voltage laboratory to be
constructed at the University of Lon
don.
