# Renter petitions
## 
### 
(Continued from front page)
They elected president and
treasurer for the movement in
order to open a bank account
for contributions.
"We're not out to cheat the
landlords; we just want to be
fair about this," Summa said.
Menlo Park tenants said they
did not want a "control" over
rents and recognized that
"landlords have a right to
charge as they deem just."
The ordinance the petitions
call for emphasizes that de
creases in property taxes
should be reflected in lower
rent. But, it also recognizes
that landlords can raise rents if
increases in improvement and
maintenance costs are
documented.
"Tax equality for renters,"
said Summa, "is what these ac
tion groups are striving for."
The Menlo Park committee

needs to gather 2502 signatures
to place the initiative on the
ballot, while Palo Alto requires
4152 signatures. Those signing
must be registered voters and
the petitions must be turned in
to the County Recorder's Of
fice by Aug. 1.
The City Councils can then
either approve the petitions
and make the ordinance law or
agree to put the issue on the
Nov. 7 ballot.
Petitions for the Palo Alto
area will cost nearly $500, Ner
linger said. She said the Menlo
Park petitions and printed
material would be "expensive
but not as high as Palo Alto's
costs."
The committee will make
petitions available by setting
up booths at commonly popu
lated areas such as recreation
centers and supermarkets,
noted Nerlinger.
