# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The vim wiih which prtpurationa
for the Junior Farce are being car
lied on would indicate that a whole
sotne treat awaits any one who is
foituuate enough to secure a scat on
the occasion of its presentation. The
plan of the past }ears has been im
proved upon, and the Class of 'DO
hopes (o make the exhibition of its
histrionic and musical talent a mem
orable day. They have taken into
consideration the fact that the past
efforts of the old rivals must be out
done, and also realize that they are
competing with the Pioneers in mak
ing this i-emester's round of enter
tainments the criterion for all classes
to come.
Lino up at tho licgistrar's office
early Tuesday afternoon, aud unless
the usual favoritism is shown in the
disposal of whole rows of seats, you
can securo a ticket for what so far
promises to be tho affair of the year.
The vim wiih which prtpurationa
for the Junior Farce are being car
lied on would indicate that a whole
sotne treat awaits any one who is
foituuate enough to secure a scat on
the occasion of its presentation. The
plan of the past }ears has been im
proved upon, and the Class of 'DO
hopes (o make the exhibition of its
histrionic and musical talent a mem
orable day. They have taken into
consideration the fact that the past
efforts of the old rivals must be out
done, and also realize that they are
competing with the Pioneers in mak
ing this i-emester's round of enter
tainments the criterion for all classes
to come.
Lino up at tho licgistrar's office
early Tuesday afternoon, aud unless
the usual favoritism is shown in the
disposal of whole rows of seats, you
can securo a ticket for what so far
promises to be tho affair of the year.
The vim wiih which prtpurationa
for the Junior Farce are being car
lied on would indicate that a whole
sotne treat awaits any one who is
foituuate enough to secure a scat on
the occasion of its presentation. The
plan of the past }ears has been im
proved upon, and the Class of 'DO
hopes (o make the exhibition of its
histrionic and musical talent a mem
orable day. They have taken into
consideration the fact that the past
efforts of the old rivals must be out
done, and also realize that they are
competing with the Pioneers in mak
ing this i-emester's round of enter
tainments the criterion for all classes
to come.
Lino up at tho licgistrar's office
early Tuesday afternoon, aud unless
the usual favoritism is shown in the
disposal of whole rows of seats, you
can securo a ticket for what so far
promises to be tho affair of the year.
The vim wiih which prtpurationa
for the Junior Farce are being car
lied on would indicate that a whole
sotne treat awaits any one who is
foituuate enough to secure a scat on
the occasion of its presentation. The
plan of the past }ears has been im
proved upon, and the Class of 'DO
hopes (o make the exhibition of its
histrionic and musical talent a mem
orable day. They have taken into
consideration the fact that the past
efforts of the old rivals must be out
done, and also realize that they are
competing with the Pioneers in mak
ing this i-emester's round of enter
tainments the criterion for all classes
to come.
Lino up at tho licgistrar's office
early Tuesday afternoon, aud unless
the usual favoritism is shown in the
disposal of whole rows of seats, you
can securo a ticket for what so far
promises to be tho affair of the year.
