# College Statistics.
## 
### 
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
The Yale Daily NewB prints the
following university statistics for
this term. Statistics have been
compiled by the various education
al institutions of the country in re
gard to the student enrolment and
corps of instructors. These figures
put Harvard first in student enroll
ment, with 5,576; then Columbia,
4,422; Chicago University, 3,726;
Cornell, 3,216; Yale, 2,680; Prince
ton, 2,326; Leland Stanford, 1,228.
The teaching staff of these insti
tutions is numerically as follows:
Harvard 41)5, Columbia 466, Cor
nell 387, Yale 21)0, Chicago 202,
Leland Stanford 164.
From these two classes of statis
tics may be derived the proportion
ate number of students to each in
structor. The approximate ratios
are: Harvard, 1 instructor to 11
students; Yale, 1 to 9; Columbia,
1 to 9; Chicago, 1 to 18; Cornell,
1 to 8; Princeton, 1 to 15; Leland
Stanford, 1 to 7.
