# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is .'J p.m. of the day
before publication.
