# Calendar Sales Continue Today
## 
### 
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
Sales of the 1956 Stanford Cap and
Gown calendar will continue today
and Thursday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Calendars will be sold at the Cel
lar, the Post Office and the Main
Library.
Price of the calendars is $1 for the
wall or desk size.
