# Professorsâ€™ Group Meets Tomorrow
## 
### 
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
The American Association of Uni
versity Professors will meet tomor
row night in Cubberltjy, at 8 p.m.
The topic of discussion will be
"Important Problems in Undergrad
uate Education at Stanford." Mod
erator for the discussion will be
Professor Robert Hoopes; panel
speakers will be Professors Robert
A. Walker, John D. Goheen and
George S. Parks.
Faculty and teaching staff are in
vited to attend.
