# State Agency Sets Payment For Ex-POW's
## 
### 
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The State Department of Veterans
Affairs has been designated by Gov
ernor Earl Warren as the official
agency in this state to distribute ap
plication forms for special subsist
ence payments for former prisoners
of war and civilian internees.
Director of Veterans Affairs Law
rence C. Stevens said the blanks
have been ordered from the War
Claims Commission, but cautioned
applicants to wait until announce
ment is made that they have been
received.
Stevens estimated that about 13,-
000 World War II veterans and sur
viing dependents of former POW's
in California will be eligible for the
payment, designed to compensate
them for the sub-standard diet they
received while in enemy hands.
Payment will be based on a $1 a
day ration for each day of confine
ment. although in some cases actual
compensation may be slightly below
that level, he reported. Payments
are to be made from seized enemy
assets.
In addition to veterans who were'
POW's, the groups receiving pay
ments will include: surviving de
internees and their surviing depend
pendents of such veterans; civilian
ents: and members of religious or
ganizations. The latter are to be re
imbursed only for aid and funds
rendered to prisoners of war, it is
reported.
Distribution of the application
forms will be made from Sacramento
to county veterans serice officers,
community service center directors,
state headquarters of the principal
veterans' organizations and, in com
munities not otherwise served, of
fices of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
