# Erdelatz Offered Navy Coach Job
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2 (A 3 ) —
Eddie Erdelatz said tonight he had
been offered (he job as head foot
ball coach of the U.S. Naval Acad
emy.
He said he will fly to Annapolis
tomorrow night to talk over the
possibility of succeeding George
Sauer, who resigned last week.
Erdelatz now is assistant coach of
the San Francisco Forty-Niners of
the Ail-American Conference. The
teamvrecently merged with the Na
tional Pro Football League.
Erdelatz revealed that the offer
had been made when he was asked
to comment on a Washington Post
story saying Navy had virtually de
cided to hire him.
