# Planes Over Okinawa
## 
### 
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
TOKYO — An American Red
Cross man newly returned from
Okinawa said today that unidenti
fied planes believed to be Russian
fly almost daily over that United
States air base 350 miles southwest
of Japan.
"You can see vapor trails in the
sky about 40,000 feet up," said Fer
dinand Miclautz, Red Cross field
representative who spent seven
weeks on Okinawa.
"Interceptors take ofT after them
but they are gone before the inter
ceptors can get oil the ground."
