# Adv. 32 Page 9
## 
### 
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
I
Protect your employees,
your company and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet.
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
policy of good
health today 1
"Maybe
it will
go
t)
away*
The five most
dangerous
words in the
English
language.
*
American
Cancer
Society
