# Innovation
## 
### 
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
a weekly look at science and techoloay at Stanford

The Stanford Daily

Sb c; r i on
B

TUESDAY
FEBRUARY 29, 2000

DAYS LIKE THESE
Stress levels are on the
rise at Stanford, say
health educators and
national survey, pg. B5
