# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Last week we men
tioned some dandy
lightweight shoes by
Walkover called
“Hobbies.” Today,
call your attention to
Walkover’s noted
slipons, hand-sewn
for easy-filling com
fort in the stealthy
Indian moccasin
tradition. A very
good choice indeed
for campus wear and
for informal occasions
off the preserve. Your
choice of black or
brown, at 19.00. Slip
into a pair today, at
R/A.
roos/atkins
