# DAILY EDITORIALS
## Or Go Down in Flames 
### 
In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

In the spring the buzz-boys come out. Fly
ing weather is perfect, coeds sunbathe on
Lagunita porches, and a young man's thoughts
turn to glamor.
But there is nothing glamorous about the
above picture. A 23-year-old army reserve
lieutenant, logging hours, buzzed Texas Chris
tian University for about 10 minutes one day

last month. Some unknown failure, either
mechanical or human, resulted in the above
blackened, twisted, tube framework of a plane
resting on a home near the campus, and the
lieutenant's death.
There is nothing glamorous in a ship piling
into the side of Hoover Libe, the shores of
Lake Lagunita, or a couple of houses on the
Row.—B.A.

