# BREAKERS ELECT ENDSLEY
## 
### 
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
Breakers on Monday elected Dan
Kndsley to replace Smiley Farkas as
club secretary, according lo Presi
dent Rill Dirker. Rill Antbony was
appointed intramural manager.
