# 'Dark Horse' Crew In Western Sprints
## 
### 
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
The University of Washington,
long known for its dominance
in crew racing, will be the host
for the Western Sprint Regatta
Friday and Saturday with 13
varsity crews entered in the two
day row on the 2,000 meter Sew
ard Park course on Lake Wash
ington.
Trial heats on Friday will be
run off all day with the Satur
day finals scheduled from 8 a.m.
to 12 noon.
UCLA, regarded as the best of

the eight-oared crews this year,
returns to defend its 1967 West
ern Sprint crown. The Bruins
will be the pre-race favorites, but
the Western Sprints figure to be
a three-way race with Stanford
and Washington the dark horse
choices.
Stanford, after beating Wash
ington earlier in the year, bare
ly lost to UCLA, and Washing
ton came roaring back into the
spotlight two weeks ago by
beating California by two
lengths.
