# INITIATES HIKE
## 
### 
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
fn order to qualify for the Hikers'
club at the University of Utah, the
candidate must climb three mountains
designated by the active members.
Only 71 out of the 4622 students at
the University of Texas come from
outside the state.
