# APPETITE ALEC SAYS
## 
### 
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
if you owe yourself a bet, drop In
after the movie and take 011 one of
those nut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
Kansas University has the honor of
having had the first woman cheer
leader.
