# APPETITE ALEC SAYS
## 
### 
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
If you owe yourself a bet, drop in
after the movie and take on one of
those rut-brown waffles and marvelous
malts at the UNIVERSITY CREAM
ERY—Adv.
