# NEW OREGON DORMITORY
## 
### 
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
The University of Oregon has
completed plans for a new wom
en's dormitory to house 702 stu
dents.
