# Robinson States Democrat Problem
## 
### 
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
"In the present election as v.ell as
in the Presidential election of 1048
the Democratic party is faced wilh
the problem of holding two ele
ments, the labor vote predominant
in the greater cities, and a full
Southern vote. Inroads upon cith-n
of these would lose the election ol
l< 48." So states ,Dr. Edgar Eugene
Robinson, noted historian, profes
sor of history at Stanford Uni
versity, and leading authority on
American voting.
Probably as able as anyone in the
country to predict, the outcome ol
the present Congressional election.
Dr. Robinson is nevertheless reluc
tant to do so. However, he does
point out, "We accept an important
maxim of political action in the
United States.
