# BAWLOUTS ON SALE TODAY
## 
### 
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
The Student Directory, more
commonly known as the "Bawlout,"
will go on sale today at 9 a.m. in
the lobby of the Administration
Building.
