# Liberator Bombers Raid Surabaya, Java
## 
### 
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 23—
Allied Liberator bombers raided
Surabaya, Java, in the Dutch East
Indies today, pouring many hits and
leaving raging fires visible for 140
miles, a communique announced to
day. The bombers flew nearly 2,400
miles to reach their target, which
made it one of the longest raids of
the war.
