# Cosmopolitans Hear Peace Advocate.
## 
### 
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
John Hansson of Sweden, an enthu
siastic supporter of the peace propa
ganda, delivered a lecture last night
before Cosmopolitan Club on the sub
ject of "International Legislation."
The speaker has made an exhaustive
study of the world's arbitration move
ment and his talk was one of a series
of addresses to be made before the
club on this topic.
The main lecture of the evening was
supplemented by three short talks by
A. P. Low on "Hawaii," K. Mochizuki,
"Japan" and C. C. Wheaton, ' School
Life in Germany." Two new members
A. E. Roth, '09, Holland and D. R.
McConnel, gr., Australia were voted
to membership.
