# Hi there!
## 
### 
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
Hey sports fans! Do you want
to come over to my place and
watch ESPN?
Orhowaboutlisteningtosome
CD's? You know, they're replac
ing LP's at an alarmingly high
rate.


Mark
Rogowsky
