# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
NEW PLASTIC
COAT HANGERS
TIE HANGERS
1.25 each
Rose Blue Green
Orchid Yellow
Coat hangers arc looped for
skirts, and tie hanger is a huge
circle of transparent, durable,
beautiful plastic.
Tfl/als-fccrk
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
