# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
■ IN ..MM*
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
