# Adv. 30 Page 5
## 
### 
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
niners. Jon Arnett will play left
end according to new coach Har
land Svare.
