# SU Beats Foothill
## 
### JIM DONOVAN 
The Stanford water polo team
defeated a surprisingly strong
Foothill College squad 10-3, yes
terday afternoon. The game was
much closer than the score indi
cates, for Foothill led 2-1 at the
end of the first quarter and by
halftime were behind by only one
goal, 3-2.
Coach Jim Gaughran started a
team primarily composed of sec
ond-stringers, but by the second
period it was obvious that Foot
hill was too strong for this crew,
and the first-string had to be
rushed in. All - America center
forward Marty Hull put the game
out of Foothill’s reach with three
third quarter goals. Second-string
center Brian Beck, one of the fan
ciest shooters on the squad, play
ed a fine game, scoring two goals.
Playmaker Bill Lorton contrib
uted his usual strong perform
ance and scored twice. Ron Kovas
fired in two shots from his defen
sive back position and Dave Gil
dea scored Stanford’s last goal in
the closing minutes of the game.
The final game of the regular
season is against Cal at Berkeley
this Saturday.
