# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//LUCKY\
((strike))
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
