# FRESHMEN HAVE HIGH SCHOLASTIC RECORD
## 
### 
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
Although no definite figures have been
given out by the scholarship committee
about the number of students who flunked
out of the University last quarter, re
ports indicate that the number of fresh
men on the list of flunk-outs is smaller
than ever before. The freshmen class has
a better record thin previous freshmen as
a whole as regards flunk-outs and condi
tions.
