# Announcements
## 
### 
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
FRIDAY.
Junior Prom Committee —Will meet
at Pi Beta Phi house at 7 o'clock.
