# Stanford "Y" Selects Nominating Committee
## 
### 
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
Y. M. C. A. officers for next quarter
will be elected early in May, it was
announced today, and a nominating
committee was appointed at the last
meeting of the cabinet to determine

the members eligible for office. The
committee consists of H. A. Davis,
'20, C. E. Purmort, '20, and L. D. Wil
bur, '21.
An annual election meeting to hear
reports and install the officers will
also be held during the middle of
May.
