# PRESIDENT WILBUR ELECTED HEAD OF SOCIAL AGENCIES
## 
### 
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur was elected
president of the California State Con
ference of Social Agencies at a busi
ness meeting held last night at the
Victory theater in San Jose. Will Irwin,
'95, will be one of the speakers on the
program tonight, at the First Methodist
Church, and will speak on "Social Re
construction in Europe."
Resolutions endorsing the organization
of a department to further drama and
music at the University of California,
were passed at the meeting last night.
