# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
STANFORD
BLOOD CENTER
The generosity of Stanford Blood Center
donors is not only measured by lives saved
today. It's measured by the discoveries our
scientists are enabled to make, helping future
generations even more. From transfusions to
transplants to biotechnology for the future,
your blood has amazing potential. Visit
bloodcenter.stanford.edu/breakthroughs for
stories of lives saved today. And how we're
saving lives tomorrow. Give blood for life!
bloodcenter.stanford.edu I 888-723-7831
