# German Club Sees Interesting Views.
## 
### 
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
Members of the German Club were
entertained by a stereopticon lecture
by Professor Cooper last evening in
room 50. He talked about Weimar,
the home of Gothe and Schiller. Many
interesting views were shown of the
old town, with the homes and graves
of its two famed poets. After the lec
ture, the club adjourned to Mrs.
Hurd's where music and refreshments
were enjoyed.
