# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
With nearly two hundred men play
ing baseball in a league of twenty
organizations a healthy condition of
general athletic participation comes
near to the ideal at Stanford. For
starting the ball rolling at the base
ball meeting this afternoon, the Ex
ecutive Committee has fulfilled its
duty well toward (he Student Body.
The fraternities and clubs on the
campus have only to follow the com
mittee's lead and make the "ordinary
student" baseball a success. Everyone
can not be a Varsity player, and for
two hundred men to engage in general
athletics for the pleasure of the game
is something to which we can point
with pride as indicating that Stanford
athletics are not made up merely of
super-trained athletes. We can say
that a good percentage of students en
ter into healthy exercise just "for the
fun of the thing."
