# Race in Africa Topic of Talk
## 
### 
Dr. Barend Marais, profes
sor of history of Christian
ity at the University of Pre
toria in the Union of South
Africa, will speak this after
noon on "The Moderate Posi
tion on Race Relations in
South Africa.”
Marais is a minister of the
Dutch Reformed Church, a
leader in the church in oppo
sition to apartheid and an
important spokesman for the
moderate attitude towards
race relations in the Union.
The talk begins at 4:30 in
room 276, Engineering Cor
ner. Marais will also attend
an informal discussion period
at 1 p.m. in the Women’s
Clubhouse for those wishing
to talk with him.
