# Sterling, Students Featured on TV
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling will
discuss the teaching profession
on the “Career” program tonight
at 7:30 on Station KPIX, Chan
nel 5.
Each program features an in
formal panel discussion in which
Stanford students question an
outstanding personality about the
demands, requirements and re
wards of his chosen field.
Stanford students Sue Homey,
Sherrill Capian, Roger Dingman
and Bill Newsom will appear with
Sterling. Prof. Stanley T. Donner
of Stanford’s speech and drama
department is moderator for the
programs.
The programs are produced
by Donner and John E. Upston,
administrative assistant at the
Mental Research Institute of the
Palo Alto Medical Research Foun
dation.
