# Signup Open For IRB Study
## 
### 
Applications are now avail
able for the International
Conference to be held at the
University of California, Ber
keley, Friday and Saturday.
This conference is being spon
sored by the Affiliation Coun
cil of the International Rela
tions Board and the Associ
ated Students of the Univer
sity of California.
The main topic of discus
sion will be “The Problems
of the Newly Emerging
Country” and discussion
groups based on the follow
ing areas will be led by pro
fessors, including Dr. Fayez
Sayegh of Stanford: Africa.
Southeast Asih, Near East,
Japan, Northeast Asia. South
America and Latin America.
Further information and
applications can be obtained
at the External Conferences
desk in the HR Shack.
