# Cal Tickets
## 
### 
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
Student rooter tickets for
the Big Game at Berkeley Nov.
23 will be on sale only until
Friday, the Athletic
Department says. Student
tickets are $3, faculty/staff
ducats $3.50 and regular
reserved seats $7.
