# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
$ 24.95
Includes Labor
and Brake Lining
Don't fake chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
Hagcn & Bell
Liw o/ii-Afi ii my Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
