# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
Students may sign up now at the
Placement Service for interviews
with a representative of Pratt and
Whitney Aircraft Company, who
will be on campus Friday to inter
view men in mechanical and elec
trical engineering, and engineering
mechanics.
* * •
Representatives of Linde Air
Products Company will be on cam
pus Friday to interview chemists,
physicists, research, development,
design, production, sales, and tech
nical service personnel. Students
may sign up now at the Placement
Service.
♦ * t
A representative of the Brush
Electronics Company will be on
campus today and tomorrow to in
terview chemists, physicists, indus
trial, mechanical, and electrical en
gineers, accountants, and sales per
sonnel.
