# Italian Premier
## 
### 
ROME, Jan. 12 (UP) â€” Amintorc
Fanfani, liberal Christian Democrat
advocate of land reform and eco
nomic benefits for workers, agreed
today to try to form a new Italian
government.
President Luigi Einaudi called on
Fanfani, 45-year-old former inte
rior and labor minister, after out
going Premier Giuseppe Pella re
fused the president's invitation to
stay in power.
Fanfani, if lie succeeds in form
ing a government and winning nec
essary parliamentary approval, will
continue Italy's pro-Western for
eign policies, observers agreed.
The Christian Democrats are a
Catholic party formed after World
War II to fight both Communism
and Fascism. However, the left and
right factions differ on land reform
and other programs.
