# Ike Farm Program Boosted by Benson
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son opened a "selling campaign" for
the administration's new farm pro
cram today Republican Senators
differed over its effects on the No
vember Congressional elections.
Benson scheduled speeches before
farm groups in the Midwest to plug
the proposal for "flexible'' pricc
props despite sharp opposition from
Congressional backers of high rigid
supports.
Meanwhile Republican Senators
discussed President Eisenhower's
new farm program at a party cau
cus.
