# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On the registration days of next
semester students will be given a
chance, as before, to pay the Stu
dents' Guild fee. This semester
only about forty per cent, of the
whole number of students contrib
uted their part to this worthy en
terprise. A strong effort will be
made to increase the per cent,
largely next semester, and it is
hoped that few will refuse to pay
the fee.
The organization is certainly an
important one, worthy of more lib
eral support than has been ac
corded it. Stanford can not afford
to let the Students' Guild drag
along a precarious existence on
scanty funds fora few years and
then die for want of financial sup
port. The work it does can be
done in no other way ; and the
care of the sick and unfortunate is
a work that as a matter of common
humanity can not be neglected.
