# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A few features of the student
body meeting yesterday were very
painful to fair-minded students.
Every man who gets the floor in
such a meeting is entitled to a
respectful hearing. lie may he on

the unpopular side, lie may be a
poor speaker, illogical, and long
winded, but such faults do not
justify the methods of hoodlums in
dealing with him.
While considering the second
question with which the meeting
dealt, some of the partisans of the
two sides indulged in personalities
which were a disgrace to the par
ticipants and an insult to the good
sense of the meeting. The whole
proceeding thoroughly disgusted a
larger part of the students present
Such controversies should be con
ducted on a higher plane, or left
alone entirely.
A few features of the student
body meeting yesterday were very
painful to fair-minded students.
Every man who gets the floor in
such a meeting is entitled to a
respectful hearing. lie may he on

the unpopular side, lie may be a
poor speaker, illogical, and long
winded, but such faults do not
justify the methods of hoodlums in
dealing with him.
While considering the second
question with which the meeting
dealt, some of the partisans of the
two sides indulged in personalities
which were a disgrace to the par
ticipants and an insult to the good
sense of the meeting. The whole
proceeding thoroughly disgusted a
larger part of the students present
Such controversies should be con
ducted on a higher plane, or left
alone entirely.
A few features of the student
body meeting yesterday were very
painful to fair-minded students.
Every man who gets the floor in
such a meeting is entitled to a
respectful hearing. lie may he on

the unpopular side, lie may be a
poor speaker, illogical, and long
winded, but such faults do not
justify the methods of hoodlums in
dealing with him.
While considering the second
question with which the meeting
dealt, some of the partisans of the
two sides indulged in personalities
which were a disgrace to the par
ticipants and an insult to the good
sense of the meeting. The whole
proceeding thoroughly disgusted a
larger part of the students present
Such controversies should be con
ducted on a higher plane, or left
alone entirely.
A few features of the student
body meeting yesterday were very
painful to fair-minded students.
Every man who gets the floor in
such a meeting is entitled to a
respectful hearing. lie may he on

the unpopular side, lie may be a
poor speaker, illogical, and long
winded, but such faults do not
justify the methods of hoodlums in
dealing with him.
While considering the second
question with which the meeting
dealt, some of the partisans of the
two sides indulged in personalities
which were a disgrace to the par
ticipants and an insult to the good
sense of the meeting. The whole
proceeding thoroughly disgusted a
larger part of the students present
Such controversies should be con
ducted on a higher plane, or left
alone entirely.
