# Off-Campus Club Plans Swim Party
## 
### 
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
Plans for an all-girl, all - day
swimming party were discussed at
the Off-Campus Women's luncheon
yesterday. Carol Roselyn, vice
president, has donated her pool.
Kay Werner was elected group
secretary and Dorothy Manes cho
sen as representative to the AWS
Fashion Show.
Some 50 off-campus men will be
the guests of the club at next Wed
nesday's luncheon.
