# Law School Loses Chair
## 
### 
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
Stanford's new I-aw School re
ceived its first act of vandalism
Tuesday when a chair was stolen
from the building's lounge.
A wooden chair with a yellow
rubber seat pad, part of a set of
four, was missing when the building
was opened Wednesday morning. It
had been in the lounge at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday.
Chief Gordon Davis, of the Stan
ford police, said no clues to the
whereabouts of the chair were
available.
A leather - covered metal chair,
worth about $f»0 according to Chief
Davis, is still missing from a Strrn
Hall lounge. This chair disappeared
after the "Bow in Stern" dance on
March 4.
Leopoldo Rebollar reported the
theft of a Kodak movie camera from
the clove compartment of his auto
mobile at the boathouse Tuesday
afternoon. Rebollar said the cam
era was stolen between the hours of
10 a.m. and 3 p.m.
