# 'Libel Suit' Snag
## 
### 
An apparent snag has developed in
efforts to bring author Mark Lane
and Law Professor John Kaplan to
gether in a confrontation.
Lane had said Kaplan could "bring
his own moderators and his own
rules." Kaplan decided on a mock
trial in which Lane would be suing
him for calling his book, which was
critical of the Warren Commission
Report, a "tissue of deliberate distor
tions."
In a telephone conversation with
Chris Harte, then Managing Editor of
The Daily, Lane said Kaplan's rules
were acceptable. In a later conversa
tion with Daily News Editor Chris
topher Hargrove, Lane said the for
mat was acceptable but said he want
ed to "sue" Kaplan on different
grounds.
Lane is out of town and has been
unavailable for clarification.
