# Art
## 
### 

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.

Art for the sake of art (and the Emergency Fund for Foreign Students) will
be on sale through Saturday on White Plaza. Wares from contributing artists
are welcome. Shown above are some of the more interesting examples.
