# WORLD TOUR STARTED BY OREGON DEBATERS
## 
### 
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
Three University of Oregon debat
ers started from San Francisco last
Monday to literally "talk their way
around the world."
The team, consisting of Benoit Mc-
Croskey, Avery Thompson, and Jack
Hempstead, make their first stop at
Manila where they will debate against
picked speakers on the subject of Phil
ippine independence. They will also
speak in Rome, Naples, Port Said,
Edenburgh, and other foreign cities.
