# WALSENBURG EJECTS TEN I.W.W. MEMBERS
## 
### 
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
WALSENBURG, Colo., Oct. 16. —
Ten members of the I.W.W. were
ejected forcibly from Walsenburg Sun
day after the city's Vigilance Commit
tee had raided the organization's
headquarters and burned Its records.
The I.W.W. has been advocating a
coal miners' strike to start Tuesday.
Business men met at a mass meeting
Saturday night and asked the city
council to evict all I.W.W. members
from the city. An order to this effect
was issued and the Vigilance Commit
tee, consisting of about 50 men, then
marched on the organization's office.
Since then, all known I.W.W. sym
pathizers have been escorted to the
city limits and told to "clear out."
There has been no violence so far as
many of the radicals left town volun
tarily and went to Pueblo, where they
plan to contest the eviction order.
