# Dr. Bryan Gives Valuable Apparatus for Research
## 
### 
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
Dr. Lloyd Bryan, San Srancisco, re
cently made a very valuable donation
to the Stanford Physics department.
The Rift is a group of high tension
transformers and accessory apparatus
and is proving extremely useful in the
research laboratories, especially in
work for x-rays.
