# STUDENT DIRECTORY WILL GO ON SALE ON MONDAY MORNING
## 
### 
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
The official Student Directory,
unofficially known as the "bawl
out," will go on sale on Mon
day, and may be purchased at the
Accountant's Office, on the sec
ond floor of the Administration
building, for fifteen cents. This
pamphlet contains a list of the
students enrolled in the summer
quarter, and other information
pertaining to current activities.
