# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be hoped that the student
body will not adopt the constitution to
be submitted tomorrow without consid
ering every amendment seriously. Some
ot its provisions, if accepted, will com
pletely revolutionize the existing state
of things in regard to athletic manage
ment.
A particularly dangerous step is the
article allowing compensation to the
different athletic managers With the
present system it has been hard to get a
football manager, but the position has
been successfully filled each year, be
cause only those who had recognized
finaucial ability presented themselves
for the position. The wire pulling and
scheming to be expected if this officer
is to receive a salary amounting to per
haps ยง500 or $1000 for his work can
easily be imagined. This would be an
innovation of sluggish professionalism
of the worst order, and against the true
athietic spiiit which pervades this in
stitution .
