# SPITTING DERBY
## 
### 
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
The first "International, Intercol
legiate and Unaffiliated Spitting
Derby," designed to bring back "a
lost art," will be held at the Coos
Bay Pirates regatta at Marshfield,
Oregon.
