# Three Educators To Speak Friday
## 
### 
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
Three prominent Latin American
educators will be featured in a sym
posium titled, "Educational and So
cial Developments in Certain South
American Countries" Friday after
noon at 4:15 in the Education Audi
torium.
The educational experts are Nica
nor Rivera Caceres, director of the
Institution of Educational Experi
mentation, Lima, Peru; Agustin
Nieto Cabellera, rector of the Uni
versity of Colombia, Bogota; and
Rafael Escobar Lara, director of the
Pedagogical Institute, Caracas,
Venezuela.
Speaking Tuesday at Mills Col
lege in a similar symposium, the
Latin Americans agreed that
American solidarity has been
strengthened by educational advance
and the interchange of scholars and
educators.
