# BRIDGE GROUP TO MEET
## 
### 
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
The bridge group of the Stanford
Dames will meet today at 2 p.m. in
the Women's Clubhouse.

California businessmen, agricul
turists, and manufacturers by a vote
of 96 per cent favor recruiting of
California workers to fill defense
jobs in preference to laborers from
other states, according to a poll by
the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
