# ARIZONA WINS OPENER
## 
### 
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
TUCSON, Ariz., April G (UP).—
Opening a three-game baseball sc
ries here, the University of Arizona
defeated the University of Nebraska
fi-1.
