# Polo Team Plans Game
## 
### 
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
Stanford's championship polo
team will open its 1050-51 season
against San Francisco Sunday at
Golden Gate Park. Game time is
2 p.m.
Just before the contest, the polo
ists will be presented with the Paul
Verdier Perpetual Trophy for win
ning Last year's Pacific Coast Polo
League. The quartet boasted a per
fect won seven—lost none record.
Team captain Bill Decker will re
ceive the trophy, which Stanford
will hold for one year pending this
season's results. He and teammates
Mickey Seeley, Lyn Madlener, and
Allan Scherer will be awarded
small-sized replicas of the award
which they will be allowed to keep.
Probable starters in Sunday's tilt
will be Seeley, Scherer, Rufus Hay
den, and either Phil Roos or Tom
Shartle.
Thirty-two polo enthusiasts—"the
largest turnout in years"—have re
ported to polo practice this season,
announced player-teacher Seeley.
