# Once Around the Quad
## Religious Notices VILLAGE FOLK DANCE 
### 
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
Everyone is invited to an evening
of folk dancing tonight at 7:30 at
the Stanford Village auditorium.
