# ENCINA 1E WINS
## 
### 
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
Encina IE yesterday defeated En
cina 3W, 12 to 0, for the freshman
intramural football championship.
The tournament, the first of its
kind, was a warm-up for the in
tramurals which will begin later
this quarter.
