# TENNIS CLUB
## 
### 
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
Stanford Tennis Club invites ev
eryone to come and play social
mixed doubles today at 4 p.m. on
the women's courts.
