# CANTERBURY MIXER
## 
### 
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
Canterbury will have an informal
mixer party and community sinj* at

All Saints' Parish House, 555 Wa
verley, Palo Alto, Sunday at 8:15
p.in A short planning meeting will
precede the party: Women may call
DA 3-4G57 for transportation.
