# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
Dick is one of the fastest men
on the squad this year, and has
been known to break 10 seconds
in the 100. He is now in his
third year of varsity play which
was delayed a year due to a leg
injury sustained in rugby. Dick,
a Redondo Beach native, is 5-10
and weighs 192 pounds. He has
been especially fine as blocker.

Barbee, an All-Coast selection
last year, has continued to play
fine ball this year. A 6-1 233-
pounder from San Diego, Bar
bee is now in his last year at
Stanford. He is a good pro
prospect who is a mean blocker
and also a good defensive man.
Has won two varsity letters and
will win third this year.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


noL'f; dick
Fullback


TROY BARBEH
Tackle
