# LSU Tops AP Poll
## 
### 
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
Louisiana Stale led Hie Asso
ciated Press weekly football poll
for the second straight week with
1443 points and 82 of Kifj first
place votes.
The rest of the top ten were
lowa, Army, Northwestern, Au
burn. Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Pur
due, Mississippi and Air Force.
