# Benefit set for Saturday
## 
### 
Mancotal, a world-famous
Nicaraguan singing group,
will be performing Saturday
in a benefit for Salvadoran
refugees living in Nicaragua.
Opening the concert will be
the Brazilian group, Voz do
Samba.
Mancotal is currently on
their annual tour of the
United States, which last

year took them to Memorial
Church and will take them to
Oakland next week for a
benefit performance for
Mexican medical relief.
The concert will be at First
Presbyterian Church in Palo
Alto. Tickets are $12 in ad
vance and $15 at the door.
For information or tickets
call 321-1944 or 326-6617.


Mancotal performs benefit concerts worldwide.
