# Blood Bank Unit Solicits Donors
## 
### 
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
The Peninsula Memorial Blood
Bank mobile unit will be at the
First Presbyterian Church, Cas
tro Street, Mountain View, on
Friday, May 23, from 2 lo 7 p.m.
Students interested in donating
blood should contact a member of
the Student Health Committee to
make arrangements. Members
are Curt Russell. 11l Stern; Vic
Lavis, 110 Stern; Marylin Lang
hart, 20 Moore, and Jim Squires,
117 Village.
