# Lecturer Recalls Trip In Russia
## 
### Bob Latham 
"The one impression, above all
others, which I brought baok was
the great friendliness of the Rus
sian people," said Dr. Henry
Mayer in an informative Tuesday
Evening Series lecture last night.
In addition to the friendliness
of the people he met, Mayer was
impressed with the ease of ertfry
into Russia and by the freedom
which he was given while travel
ing and taking pictures there.
Color Movies
Mayer's talk, which was a nar
ration of his color movies with a
background of Russian folk mu
sic, gave the impression that the
difference between the Russian
and American people is slight.
A frequent experience, accord
ing to Mayer, was for a newly
made friend to say, "Go back and
tell the American people that we
want peace with them."
Mayer's pictures, which showed
many varied scenes throughout
Moscow and Russia, included "the
only free enterprise I saw in Mos
cow"â€”flowers which were grown
in back yards and sold in the city
market.
Housing Problem
According to Mayer, housing is
still a major problem in the So
viet Union, and the government
operated apartment houses have
their maximum rent fixed by law
at four per cent of the worker's
salary.
Russian children receive excel
lent care and much attention,
commented Mayer. Although the
schools are quite difficult and
strict, the children are given a
balance through the Young Pio
neers which are similar to the
Boy and Girl Scouts in the United
States. Comprehensive, relaxing
programs are provided and paid
for by the government.
