# Blaze of glory
## 
### 

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.

MilerLee Daily
Approximately 70 students attended a bonfire held at Lake La
gunita early Sunday morning after celebrating the football
team's win over Arizona State. Flames from the bonfire — which
was broken up by Stanford Police at 2 a.m. — reached heights
of up to 15 feet.
