# Adv. 1 Page 3
## 
### 
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
SENIORS
who are graduating this June are
not permitted to enter the DRAW.
The DRAW is only for those students
who want an on-campus assignment
beginning Autumn Quarter 1985.
