# COMMITTEE MAKES STATEMENT.
## Board Urges Payment of Subscriptions to Union so that Building May Begin. 
### 
The committee that is raising funds
for the Stanford Union has expressed
itself as desirous of having as many
subscriptions sent into the student col
lector during the summer as possible.
At the present time there is approx
imately $18,000 in the hands of perma
nent Secretary R. W. Barrett in cash,
but it is necessary to raise the re
quisite $25,000 before actual building
operations can begin. The committee
therefore request that all students
send their subscriptions at the time
they fall due or at any date through
out the summer to H. G. Ferguson, 679
W. Prospect Ave., Hollywood, Califor
nia, so that this sum may be realized
by next fall, at which time building
will commence.
