# Student Wins Temperance Prize.
## 
### 
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
D. H. Houser has been declared the
winner of the prize that was offered
by the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of Palo Alto for the best scien

tific temperance essay that, was sub
mitted by various contestants. The
prize was a check for the sum of fifty
dollars. The winning essay will now
be forwarded to the authorities who
have charge of the state contest, that
is to be conducted among writers from
the three universities of northern Cal
ifornia.
