# Untitled Article
## 
### 
This year is epoch-making in the
history of football and| college

athletics. All over the country the
people rebel against its apparent
brutality. If the game is to be re
tained permanently as a factor in
college life, such features of it as
sullied the Springfield game last
Saturday must be forever renounced.
The idea that the rules are unable
to prevent slugging is absurd; but
let the umpire do his duty to the ex
tent to which he is empowered, and
the game will ever remain the most
desirable for player and spectator.
The game on Thursday has three
years of indecision to make it iu
tenso. Victory or ignominy is the
goal. Berkeley intends to lay us
out. The only way to secure a loot
ball game is for the umpire to play
his part as he did last year, and for
that reason we heartily welcome the
news of the selection of Carter, of
last year's game, to act as umpire,
and of Hurd for referee. We trust
that these gentlemen will show
themselves the same opponents ot
brutal play as heretofore.
