# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

The right moves
Freshman phenomenon
Todd Lichti is named to
the All-Pacific 10
Conference team.
Page 11

Forget it
A psychology professor
here devises ways to
improve your memory.
Page 9

Berry good
Writer Wendell Berry
talks about his art and
staying in one place.
Page 6

