# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the Junior class today
in deciding to continue the plans for
an elaborate Prom, despite the fact
that a certain deficit is faced unless
more tickets are sold, speaks well
for the class spirit of those who sup
ported this movement. The Prom has
become so firmly established as a
Stanford custom that a failure on the
part of any class to include this fea
ture in its program for Junior week
would be a distinct violation of tradi
tion, which would reflect discredit 011
tie class loyalty and patriotism of
those guilty of the breach. For, though
the Prom is open to the general col
lege public and receives much of its
support from this source, it is pecu
liarly a Junior affair, and as such its
success or failure depends largely up
on the interest and support received
from within the class itself.
That, in the present instance, this
support has not been as extensive as
should be, is evidenced by the fact
that only a score of Juniors purchased
tickets. Such an apathy toward the
most, elaborate of class functions is
not indicative of the proper spirit of
loyalty to class interests, and it is to
be hoped that a large number of .Ju
niors may yet attend the Prom as a
result of the appeal made today. The
action of the Prom Committee in
i.iaintaining the determination to up
hold the reputation of the class by the
production of a Prom which would
compare favorably with that of any
previous class should be an incentive
to Juniors as well as others to suit
port. them by attendance.
