# Opera Pictures Taken Today.
## 
### 
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
The pictures of the Junior Opera
principals were taken this afternoon
iii the Assembly llall. and reproduc
tions will be displayed on the Quad
within a lew days.
The costumes, which are from Goid
siein, are elaborate and many of them
have been made especially to order.
