# Encina Smoker Postponed Until After Thanksgiving
## 
### 
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
Encina Club's smoker, planned for
tomorrow night, will not be held until
after the Thanksgiving holidays, an
nounced Charles Weesner, smoker
committee chairman, yesterday. The
decision to postpone the affair, he
said, was made by him and Tom Pike,
president of the club, because of the
interruption of student activities and
work by the holidays.
