# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
All the wiseacres got a big
laugh at the frequency with which
Pop tried the Statue of Liberty
play. This was thought to be as
obsolete as Prohibition, but War
ner's secret practices last week
evidently were held with a pur
pose. The play provided an entire
ly new threat that Nibs Price
probably was quite unprepared
for. With Hoffman clasping the
ball in the manner of the sym
bolic lady, there were three pos
sible plays the bewildered Bears
had to cope with, to-wit: Statue
of Liberty, fake pass, true pass.
What are you going to do against
such a deceptive array?
—Templeton Peck.
