# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
Over 28 per cent of the students at
the University of Idaho are self-sup
porting.
