# Getting It Straight
## 
### 
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: Why is it that we can no
longer obtain footballs or basketballs
in the morning by signing a requisi
tion slip at Encina Gym as we for
merly did?
Answer by Dr. Storey, Director of
Psysical Education for Men:
There is no rule prohibiting the use
of athletic equipment in the morning,
provided that no gym claSses are dis
turbed.
