# SCREEN HERO RIDES TO RESCUE OF GIRL INJURED IN CRASH
## 
### 
Tom Mix, rescuer de luxe of
the silver screen, performed a
real life rescue Saturday after
noon while driving to the Big
Game from San Francisco.
Jacqueline Bertz, a nine-year
old girl of San Francisco, was
rescued by the hero of the films
who arrived immediately after
she had been hurled through the
windshield of her father's ma
chine when it collided with an
other automobile on the high
way. Mix, unlike others who sped
by the wreckage, stopped his big
car, picked up the injured girl
and her father, and had them
taken to the Mills Memorial Hos
pital while he remained by the
roadside to await the return of
his automobile.
