# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
INDIANS
Quite naturally, like any
one else in the clothing
dodge, our shoe buyers
get queries from the
manufacturers on what's
with it on campus. The
“in” number, as you
might suspect, is the
Clark Desert® Boot. And
why not? It has brushed
buck uppers that never
need shining, cut high,
with a cushioned rubber
sole for easy walking
comfort. A R A standby
in natural sand color or
in stealthy black. Take
your pick, or even one of
each, at just 12.95 per
pr. Absolutely the most
for the bossa nova.
® Registered U.S.
Patent Office.
