# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
Stanford Professor
Now Immortalized
For those students Inter
ested In becoming' members
of the Power Elite, Utopia
has come! We’ve had Bach,
Beethoven and Brahms sweat
shirts. Now—for a short time
only—it is possible to buy a
sweatshirt of that most in
famous Stanford professor
. . . James T. Watkins The
Fourth.
Those interested may pur
chase them in the Art Board
office from Ed Strong or
Pile. Be the first on your
Block to get an A in PS 145.
