# Apply for World Affairs Seminar
## 
### 
The Institute of World Affairs j
will hold its 1962 Seminar on “The i
Search for Peace and Security in
a World of Tensions,” at Twin j
Lakes, Salisbury, Conn., from
July 6-August 24. Dr. Donald R.
Shea, Professor of Political Sci
ence at the University of Wiscon
sin at Milwaukee, will be the Di
rector.
About 40 students from 20 dif
ferent countries will study cur
rent international problems.
Guest speakers wil include Dr.
William Eliott, Professor of Gov
ernment. Harvard University, and
Charles D. Cook, Deputy Coun
sellor, U.S. Mission to the UN.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students who have demonstrated
potential qualities of leadership
and the ability to contribute to
group discussions, are encouraged
to apply.
The cost of the seven-week
Seminar amounts to about $4OO
per student. Scholarships are
available. Interested students
should contact Don Light at the
HR.
