# ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
Elected in recent Terman Hall
elections, John Pratt begins his term
in Village 119. Serving as vice
president will be Pierre Servoz-Ga
vin; as secretary, Chong-Ik Kim; as
social chairman, John Jamieson; and
athletics chairman, Frederic Binford.
