# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."

"Ordinarily I don't go along with 'student lesson planning,'
but every now and then they come up with something pretty
good."
