# One Hurt in Car Collisions
## 
### 
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
Stanford police reported two au
tomobile collisions on campus over
the weekend. One student was in
jured and another had to be sought
after leaving the scene of the acci
dent.
Friday night, cars driven by Steve
Rothman, Village graduate student,
and William, D. Wright, Kappa Sig
ma junior, collided in front of the
Stanford Press building. Rothman
was attempting to make a left turn,
and Wright apparently was trying
to pass him. Wright continued on,
but a witness took his license num
ber and his car was discovered sev
eral hours later.
On Saturday, autos driven by
Christopher Koss, Encina freshman,
and Sarah Guthrie, 115 Tennyson
Street, Palo Alto, collided in front
of Physics Corner. A passenger in
her car, Don Cameron of Encina,
suffered a slight facial cut.
