# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
Women's Rest Home —Nancy Vra
nine.
Palo Alto Hospital — Larry Tar
low, Manford Vanderlip, Ronald
Hertel, James McCarthy, Heywood
Mansergh.
Isolation Hospital Don Neumann.
