# ALPINE CLUB
## 
### 
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
A practice climb in Berkeley will
be held Sunday by the Alpine Club.
All interested meet at History cor
ner at 9 a.m. Anyone wishing to
qualify for Yosemite next weekend
mu:;t attend.
