# California
## 
### 
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
The University of California went
through a light workout yesterlay
before leaving for Los Angeles and
its game tomorrow with Southern
California.
Coach Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf an
nounced one change in his probable
defensive starting lineup, naming
guard Joe Wardlam for the post.
