# ROBLE FIRESIDE
## 
### 
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
Hoble's closed open house for all
freshmen is scheduled for Saturday
night from 8 to 11. There will be

dancing, card playing, refreshments,
and a general get-together for the
freshman class.
