# Commonwealth Gets Its Test
## 
### 
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
Cricket, they say, holds the
Commonwealth together, so Stan
ford students from the Mother
Country and her colonies (?) are
going to put thai old adage to
the test tomorrow afternoon.
The occasion will be an "inter
national" cricket contest between
England and the Commonwealth,
at 1:30 p.m., behind the Eating
Clubs. Participants will be Stan
lord students from England and
the Commonwealth, and all base
ball-mad Americans arc invited to
attend and see the game that gave
birth to our National Pastime.
The Commonwealth r e p or t s
that players from Pakistan and
New Guinea are needed to make
their team truly representative
of the Empire. Already, players
from Southern R ho de si a, the
West Indies, South Africa, Aus
tralia. Ceylon and India are on
the roster.
