# Untitled Article
## 
### 
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
1915 Quad Assessments will be
collected Wednesday at Ketfis-
trur's office.
