# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Donna Goodin, '55,
to Harry Bruce, Stanford Law
School, '57.
