# Fall Reg Dance Sponsor Applications Available
## 
### 
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
Applications for sponsoring next
fall's Rcr Dance are now being ta
ken at the ASSU office. The dance
will be awarded to the organization
which needs the money most. Dead
line for application is Thursday,
May 12.
