# Mural Notice
## 
### 
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
Softball and volleyball intramural
schedules for the next week are now
posted in Encina Gym. If any team
has preference as to the time it can
play, its manager should contact Mr.
Bugge in the intramural office im
mediately.
