# Party Canceled
## 
### 
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
The Alpha Sigma Phi Communist
Party scheduled for May 1 has been
canceled.
