# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
—Coach Landen at Columbia
University has introduced a device
for the instruction of the baseball
men somewhat similar to the tack
ling dummy used in football. A
baseball suspended from the top of
the cage is hung before the batsman
and with it he is taught how to
stand and how to hit properly.
