# Luncheon Arrangements.
## 
### 
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
After the Saturday performance
visitors from out of town may ob
tain their luncheon at the Univer
sity Inn, or at the Roble dining
room.
