# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
There will he no more Thursday
vesper services during the remain
der of the present semester.
