# DAILY EDITOR CHOSEN
## 
### 
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
In a staff election Friday,
Michael Sweeney was chosen as
editor of volume 153, beginning
Jan. 29.
He was the only candidate.
Nominations for editor were
made Jan. 5 by the editorial
board, and other nominations
could have been made until Fri
day by a petition of staff mem
bers.
