# Light-Heavy Champ
## 
### 

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.

GOOD GREEK fillers arc not
confined to Albania, where they
have been Riving the Italian ar
mies a drubbing. ISere's a native
of Athens, Anton Christoforidis,
with the belt emblematic of the
world's light-heavyweight cham
pionship which he recently won
from Melio Bettina.
