# KENNEDY 'SPEAKS OWN MIND'
## 
### 

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."

JOSEPH P. KENNEDY, former Ambassador to England, is shown with
reporters before he made his recent radio speech, in which he de
calred that sending I'. S. convoys to Britain would involve us in the
war. Here lie tells reporters he plans to "speak his own mind."
