# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
Thirty-five students of McGill are
studying military wireless work in
preparation for service in the English
navy or army.
