# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
Rifle shooting may become a recog
nized sport at the University of Wash
ington.
