# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
Four hundred Illinois students have
asked the Y. M. C. A. to find work
for them.
