# Wilson Heads Message to Congress.
## 
### 
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
United Press Toloßraphlc Report
Washington, Dcc. 3.—President Wil
son finished bis annual message and
formally read it to Congress today.
