# Under the Sun
## 
### 
C. N. H
The scene is the boudoir
of almost any one of
America's beloved
screen stars at about
seven in the evening.
Seated at her gem
studded dressing table
is the beauty herself,
attended by a dozen
maids. Bottles, boxes,
jars of all shapes and
sizes are everywhere:
Marvelmud, Lustre-Lash,
Rinkleßid,. Youthbloom,
Wavo, Freckle-Foe . . .
Far into the night the
twelve faithfuls will
apply, massage, rub,
rinse, wash and wave.
In other words, they
will use each and every
preparation, compound,
and cosmetic there to
enhance and preserve the
impeccable pulchritude
of their mistress.
Impossible—all this —
say you? Not at all.
Signed testimonials
and endorsements in the
magazine advertisements
say that she uses every
one of the products.
