# DRAMATICS CLASS TO STAGE ONE-ACT PLAYS
## 
### 
Several one-act plays of internation
al origin are being planned by the
class in dramatic and vocal interpreta
tion, to be presented before the public
sometime in early May. The produc
tions, which are being prepared under
the direction of Mrs. Marion Went
worth, who is filling Miss Elizabeth
Buckingham's position during her ab
sence, will probably include selections
from Chinese, English, American, and
Australian plays.
The cast for these plays are to be
chosen from the members of the dra
matic interpretation class. Every mem
ber has the opportunity to participate
in one or two plays during the quarter.
Those plays are given in the Assembly
hall for the public. Admission is free.
Tickets to the Junior formal at
California university were recently
sold at the "bargain price" of $2.49.
