# Bayley Plays in Radio Act At San Francisco Theatre
## 
### 
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
Arnold Bayley, '24, visited the cam
pus yesterday from San Francisco,
where he is now playing at the Or
liheum in "Radiology." Bayley has
been in the East on the Keith circuit
for the last year and a half, and is
now touring the Western States.
Bayley started the skit on the cam
pus under the name of the "Radio
Robot" but recently changed it to
"Radiology." Nelson Valjean, ex-'24,
has played the other half of the skit
during its performance in the East,
but is not with Bayley at present, as
he was called away by an illness in
his family.
The skit will play in Los Angeles
after its run in San Francisco, and
from there will go East again to com
plete the circuit.
