# SENIOR INTELLIGENCE WILL BE TESTED BY DAVES QUESTIONNAIRE
## 
### 
A meeting of the senior class in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tonight will be enlivened by a ques
tionnaire compiled by Delmer Daves,
president of the class, who states that
his questionnaire will plumb the
depths of intelligence of all the sen
iors. He is withholding the exact ques
tions until the meeting, when he prom
ises a big surprise for all members of
the class of 192 G.
Many fields of interest will be cov
ered in the intelligence tester, and
Daves states that the results will be
of interest to the campus as a whole.
It was learned this morning that a
number of questions will involve the
likes and dislikes of both sexes, their
opinions of the men and women of the
campus. In addition, questions in re
gard to the culture the seniors have
received in college, both on and off
the campus.
The meeting has been called at 8:15
in order that men on the Row will be
through with rushing, and can attend.
Daves is desirous that all class mem
bers turn out, and says that they will
be well entertained.
