# VOLUME 33 OF QUAD LARGEST IN HISTORY; EIGHT PAGES ADDED
## 
### 
An increase of eight pages lias been
made in the Quad, Volume 33. Last
week the advertising staff went over
its quota and brought in sixty-six
pages of advertising. The original
plans called for a 480-page book of
which sixty pages were to be in ad
vertising. The additional six pages
have necessitated the increase in the
size which will make the Quad the
largest that has ever been publislul.
Th Quad editorial staff took over its
branch office at the H. S. Crocker Co.,
San Francisco, on Friday. All of the
proof-reading and other work inci
dental to printing the Quad will be
done in this new office. The office in
the Fress building on the campus, how
ever, will remain open to attend to
the other details of publication.
