# Adv. 48 Page 15
## 
### 
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
INFORMATION
SHARING
October 25. 1989
6:00 P.M.-8:00 P.M.
TYesidder Memorial Union
Cypress South Room
ON-CAMPUS
INTERVIEWS
November 13* 1989
February 14. 1990
Your Placement Office
For Details
"We look for people
who are intelligent,
creative, analytical,
atid who can work
cooperatively with
others. We want
people who get
pleasure out of
helping others and
doing a job well!*
