# INSIDE
## 
### 
Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

Big tie
Men's soccer winds up
deadlocked with the
dreaded California Bears.
See Sports, page 11

My oh my
Utah hands the Cardinal a
heartbreaking loss on the
football field.
See Sports, page 10

How and why
Complete coverage of how
Stanford is dealing with the
effects of the earthquake.
See News, pages 12, 13, 14, 16

