# FRESHMEN AT UTAH GET NEW TUB FOR DE LUXE DUCKINGS
## 
### 
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
Freshmen at the University of Utah
will be given de luxe duckings here
after as the result of the purchase of
a new ducking tub by the student
association. The tub is made of tin,
painted white, and has an upholstered
edge. The suggestion has also been
made that the freshmen be furnished
with Turkish towels to make the duck
ing more agreeable.
