# BERKELEY HOUSEWIVES TO DISPLAY FRUIT PRODUCTS
## 
### 
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
Housewives of Berkeley and the Bay
cities have been invited by the fruit
products division of the University of
California to enter samples of their
jellies, jams, marmalades, fruit pre
serves, and home-canned fruit in com
petition for prizes at the Fruit Show
to be held at the university November
13-18.
