# SHAKESPEARE TO BE PLAYED.
## A 						Stanford Alumnus to Appear in "Merchant of Venice" with Joseph De Grasse. 
### 
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
The first Shakespearean production
to be presented at Stanford this year
will occupy Assembly Hall next Sat
urday evening, when Joseph de
Grasse will appear in comedy. As i
vehicle, De Grasse has' chosen the
"Merchant of Venice," while the role
that has been assumed by him is that
of Shylock. The support that the
leading character will receive is in
teresting, in view of the fact that the
part of Gratiano will be interpreted
by J. C. Ray, ex-'OB. The former stu
dent was a prominent leader in the
atrical work at Stanford during his
stay here, and has been engaged in
dramatics since his departure.
Tickets for the play will go on sale
tomorrow at 8 o'clock at both the
Stanford Bookstore and the Stanford
Pharmacy. The seats will be held at
the usual prices, $1, 75 cents and 50
cents.
