# COMMISSIONERS WILL MEET HERE
## Prof. E.E. Prince of Canada to Confer with Dr Jordan on Fishery Laws. 
### 
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
The international commissioner on
Fisheries, Prof. E. E. Prince, repre
senting the Dominion of Canada and
Great Britain, will arrive on the
campus the latter part of this week.
The purpose of Commissioner Prince's
visit to Stanford is to confer with Dr.
Jordan, the United States Commission
er, concerning the various statutes
which, when finally formulated, will
govern all the fish found within wa
ters contiguous to United States and
Canada.
When in New York last November,
Dr. Jordan had a brief informal inter
view with Professor Prince, but the
arrangements made at that time were
merely tentative. However, the con
ference, which will begin next week,
will he of a formal nature, and dur
ing this time the two commissioners
will vote upon and draw up a final
code of laws. Previous to this meet
ing, Dr. Jordan and Professor Prince
have not been working in conjunc
tion, but have each formulated a dis
tinctly separate list ol' statutes. In
the two codes there are in all about
seventy more or less conflicting laws
and clauses in regard to which the
commissioners must mutually agree
before the laws can lie rendered per
manent and final. Just how long the
Dominion commissioner will be here
is not definitely known, but Dr. Jor
dan stated today that it would prob
ably require about a two weeks' con
ference to complete all of the neces
sary work. The final report and code
of laws will be sent to President Taft
early in June, and will be submitted
by him to be read before Congress.
This body may either ratify or annul
the list of statutes, but has no power
to amend it. When the code is once
passed, the laws embodied in it be
come the supreme law of the land and
take precedence over any conflicting
State statutes concerning fisheries.
