# STUDENT CONTROL WILL BE EXPLAINED MONDAY EVENING
## 
### 
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
The second meeting of the class in
Stanford Standards will lie held Monday
evening at 7:30 p. m.in the Assembly
Hall with the Men's Student Council in
charge of the meeting. The general pur
pose of the meeting will be to explain
to tlie freshmen, and other new students
tlie workings of the student control sys
tem and the honor system.
A. E. Roth, comptroller; W. K. Hood,
'20; and N. W. Rakestraw, '17, 'will
speak.
Because of the importance which this
meeting holds for all first-year men, R.
L. King, president of the Associated
Students, has requested all members of
the class of '23 to attend. The Inter
fraternity Conference, Encina Club, and
Sequoia Club have all endorsed the
meeting as benig one which will be very
instructive to the freshmen.
