# SPORTS
## Carlton easily wins his third Cy Young 
### 
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
New York (AP) — Steve
Carlton, the brilliant left
hander who led the Philadelphia
Phillies to baseball's world
championship this year, was
named winner of the National
League Cy Young award for a
record-tying third time yester
day.
Carlton was voted the honor
by a Baseball Writers Associa
tion of America panel. With his
1972 and 1977 Cy Youngs, he
joins Tom Seaver and Sandy
Koufax as the only three-time
winners of the coveted award
which goes to the league's best
pitcher.
Carlton polled 118 points, with
23 of 24 first-place votes and one
second-place vote. Jerry Reuss
of the Los Angeles Dodgers got
the other first-place vote and
wound up second with 55 points.
Jim Bibbv of the Pittsburgh
Pirates was third with 28, fol
lowed by Joe Niekro of the
Houston Astros with 11 and Tug

McGraw of Philadelphia, Steve
Rogers of the Montreal Expos,
Joe Sambito of Houston and
Mario Soto of the Cincinnati
Reds with one point apiece.
The overpowering Phillie
southpaw posted a record of 24-9
with a 2.34 earned run average
during the regular season, lead
ing the majors with 286
strikeouts. He was the winning
pitcher in the opening game of
the National League Cham
pionship Series against Houston
and also won the second and
sixth games of the World Series
against Kansas City.
Carlton, a fiercely private
person, has ref used to talk to the
press for the past several sea
sons. In the madness of the
Phillies' victorious dressing
room following the clinching
victory in the World Series, he
held his own solitary celebra
tion in the trainer's room,
where he often seeks sanctuary
from interviewers.
