# Adv. 30 Page 9
## 
### 
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
The Center for Teaching
and Learning
will be taking no new
requests for peer tutors
during Dead Week.
fe.
