# Campus Golf Course Will Be Discussed Tonight
## 
### 
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
Plans for a campaign to construct
a campus golf links will be discussed
at a meeting of the Stanford Golf Club
in the Old Union at 7:15 tonight. Har
old Sampson, professional at Burlin
game, has stated the exact cost of
building a course back of President
Wilbur's home. Ways and means of
securing the necessary funds will be
outlined.
The club will sponsor an intramural
golf tournament in the spring quarter,
for which arrangements will be drawn
up at tonight's meeting. Other matters
of Importance are scheduled. All stu
dents interested in golf are urged to
be present.
