# Life Guards Refuse to Rescue Good Swimmers Tipping Canoes at Lake
## 
### 
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
From all indications the life guards
at Lagunita will refuse to rescue good
swimmers who tip canoes over in the
lake, except under special circum
stances.
Recently two students, one a mem
ber of the 1926 swimming team, top
pled over and came up to see their
canoe calmly floating away. Cries for
help brought the life guard out of the
boathouse, but with a "Oh, it's you
two," turned away to let them paddle
around their canoe a while longer.
Since the catastrophe one of the
students has been scouring the lake
bottom to rescue his drowned har
monica.
