# BARROW DISCUSSES COLLEGE ATHLETICS
## 
### 
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
"Intercollegiate athletics depend
upon public sentiment for support," de
clared Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
the Physical Education department.,
over radio station KPO last night in
his talk, "The Situation in Intercolle
giate Athletics."
"The universities demand clean
sportsmanship in their contests, but
we must have the moral support of our
athletic coaches, alumni, and the gen
eral public," Dr. Barrow stated. He
described the work of the Pacific Coast
Conference in maintaining high eligi
bility requirements and higher schol
astic standards.
A concert of five numbers was ren
dered by the Glee Club quartet consist
ing of C. Albert Kulmann, first tenor;
Leslie E. Dobbins, second tenor; Carl
ton E. Byrne, first bass; Peirce E.
Warrington, second bass.
