# Stanford Gallery Shows Modern Art
## 
### 
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
Modern art at its latest will be
exhibited at the Stanford Art Gal
lery beginning today in a showing
entitled "From Surrealism to Met
aplastic." Lithographs and student
sculpture will be included in the
exhibit.
The Callery has many art and
architecture magazines of both cur
rent and back numbers which are
available to the students. Exhibits
are changed throughout the year.
