# ATTENTION FRESHMEN
## 
### 
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
There are several openings on
the Daily sports stall for incom
ing frtfehmen. Those men inter
ested! please contact the sports
editor at the Daily Shack be
tween 4 and G p.m. on Tuesday.
