# Frosh Services In Chapel Sunday
## 
### 
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
Services in the Stanford Memorial I
Church will begin Sunday at 11 a.m.!
when the annual Freshman Sunday j
Service will be held.
This traditional service marks the j
arrival of another new class at Stan
lord. The members of the Freshman j
Class attend church together and sit
in the reserved area of the church.
Chaplain Minto will preach the I
sermon on "A Faith for Today." The
lessons will be read by Marilyn j
Myerson and Chuck Getchell, and
other members of the Pre-Registra
tion Committee will act as ushers.
The Freshman Choir under the di
rection of Prof. Harold C. Schmidt
will sing two anthems, "Prayer of
Thanksgiving" and "Prayer" by Bee - \
thoven. At the close of the service |
the members of the Freshman Class
will join in saying a prayer for the j
University.
