# UCLA
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UP) —
Kickoffs and kickofT returns fea
tured a light workout today for the
UCLA Bruins as Coach Henry (Red)
Sanders appeared set with his of
fensive lineup.
Left tackle Ed Miller and center
Gayle Pace were doing the booting
for the Bruins against the freshman
squad. On the receiving end were
right halfbacks Ike Jones and How
ard Hansen and left half Frank
Munoz.
