# CLAIM QUADS
## 
### 
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
Students who failed to pick up
heir copies of the 1950 Quad last
'une should get them from the
\SSU office within the next two
vecks. Quads not claimed will go
o the ASSU.
