# Roper Refuses Industry Forecast
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 (UP). —
Secretary of Commerce Daniel C.
Roper said today it would be pre
mature for him to draw any deduc
tions concerning next year's busi
ness outlook until he had seen last
quarter business and industrial
statistics.
Roper, however, made public sta
tistics showing sharp drops in trade
with China and Japan during Sep
tember.
The value of exports to China
amounted to only $1,559,000 in Sep
tember, compared with $(5,081,000 in
August, and with $3,634,000 in Sep
tember 1936.
