# Booters Rest For S.J.S. Tilt
## SFJC Scrimmage Ends Week's Practice 
### 
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
Having drawn a bye in conference
competition this week, Harry Ma
loney's soccermen went through
their final workout yesterday after
noon in a scrimmage with San
Francisco Junior College. They will
hold no more practice until Mon
day. when they will start prepara
tions for the San Jose State game
next Wednesday.
In edging out San Jose 1-0 last
week, Stanford showed consider
able improvement over previous
performances, but Maloney doesn't
think that his men played to full
capacity. With a layoff this week,
he expects the squad to be at full
strength by Monday, and hopes to
have the players in top form for the
Spartan game.
The expected return of Bill Ham
ilton and Bill Edwards, first-string
fullbacks, will bolster the Card de
fense, which has been clicking even
in their absence. Keji Cuthbertson,
who has substituted for Edwards,
will be tried out at a halfback po
sition, as Maloney feels he is too
valuable a man to leave on the
bench.
The forward line still isn't up to
par. With scoring threats like
Sadullah, de Benedetti and Schaupp,
Stanford should be able to score
more often. Unless these men get
more passing and blocking by their
team-mates, Maloney threatens to
make several changes in the front
ranks.
