# 'Friend' Who Took Thornhill Arrested
## 
### 
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
I. B. Sinclair, the gentleman who
allegedly duped Tiny Thornhill for
$75 with a bad check recently, was
arrested yesterday in Burbank for
similar activities.
Sinclair worked up« an acquaint
ance with Thornhill through talk of
former days at the University of
Pennsylvania. Tiny became en
grossed in the past long enough to
cash the rubber check. Sinclair
cashed another bogey for $100 in
Palo Alto and then transferred his
business to Burbank, where he was
nabbed.
