# Dance Symposium Open to Outsiders
## 
### 
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
At its regular Tuesday night meet
ing, Orchesis Society voted to allow
members of Junior Orchesis and be
ginning dance classes to attend the
College Dance Symposium on No
vember 14. This is the first time
non-Orchesis members have had the
privilege of participating in the
Symposium, which is to be held at
Mills College.
As places are limited, those wish
ing to attend should report to Miss
Jewell, Orchesis adviser, at her office
or at the Junior Orchesis meeting.
Members of the Symposium will at
tend the Agna Enters concert in San
Francisco for which a bloc of 50
tickets has been reserved for Stan
ford students.
Orchesis also voted to change its
regular meetings on November 16
and 23 to November 15 and 22 at 8
p.m. because of conflict with dance
concerts here and in San Francisco.
