# TRAIN TICKETS READY
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
A.S.S.U. office asks that all stu
dents exchange their receipts for
railway tickets to S.C. game today
or tomorrow.
