# New Books.
## 
### 
The following books have been
received at the Library recently:
Vogt, Carl, Lehrbueh tier prac
tisohen vergleichenden Anatomie;
Schultze, Oscar, Grundriss der Ent
vviokelungegeßch des Menschen u.
der Siingerthiere; lioux, Wilhelm,
Gesammelte Abhandlungen liber
Entwickelungsmechanik derOrgan
ismen; i'ouchet, G., & Beauregard,
ii., Traite d'Osteologie Compared;
Hasse, C., Das Natiirliche System
der Elasmobranchier auf Grundlage
des Beaus utid des Entwickelung
ihrer Wirbelsaule; Haeckel, Ernst,
Systematische i'hylogenie der Wir
belthiere; Emery, Carlo, Fierasfer;
Einer, G. H. 'lheodor, Die Art
bildling und Verwandtschaft bei den
Schmetterlingen; Duval, Mathias,
Atlas d'Embryologie; Below, E.,
Artenbildung durch Zonenwechsel;
Harms, li., Ueber Bolydaktylie;
Pfeffer, W., Osmotische Untersuch
ungen; Flugge, C., Die Micro-or
ganismen;' Muret, Ed., Encyclo
padische Wbrterbuch der engl. u.
deut. Sprache; Laube, Heinrich,
Gesammelte Schriften; Keller,
Gottfried, Gesammelte Werke; Gei
bel, Emanuel, Gesammelte Werke;
liuehmann, Geo., Getiiigelte Worte,
lleyse, P., Gesammelte Werke; Cat
ullus, Carmina; Catullus, Die
Geschichte; Catullus, Les poes
ies; llupe, Cotiradus, De genere
dicendi Catulli; Bellerman, Lud
vvig, Schiller's Dramen; Cholevius,
L., Aesthetische und historiehe
Einleitung nebst Fortlanfender
Erliiuterung; Gude, Carl, Erliiu
terungen deutscher Diclitungen;
Menzel, Wolfgang, Denkurirdig
keiten; Minor, .1., Schiller; Proelss,
.Johannes, Das junge Deutschland;
Weber, ilugo, Quaest. Catullianae;
Hultgren, E. F., Statist. Untersch.
d. Distictions, etc.; Derbisch, M.,
Üb. d. Classif. d. Formen d. Dis
lichon; Drobisch, M., Fin Statist.
Versuch ii!». d. Formen d. Lab.
Ilexam, Weilere Untersuch lib.
Formen d. Htixarn.; Dressier, F.,
De Troporum A p. Catul. usu.;
Morgenstern, ()., Curae Catullianae;
Simon, T., De Comparat. quae in
Cattull., etc.; Heussner, F., Obiso.
Gramm. in Catull.; Fisch, 11., De
Catull. in vocal), collocandis arte;
Fenner, L., Quaest Catull.; Mist, T.,

Comm. Catull. tertius; l)e Catull.
ad mall, epist. comm.; Lehmann,
Engen, De adject, compos. Catull ,
etc.; Zursa, C., Die Eurhyttiniesche
Technick d. Catull.; Birkmire,
W. 11., Skeleton construction in
buildings; Byrne, Austin, T., High
way construction; Freitag, Joseph
K., Architectural engineering; Hat
field, R. G., American house car
penter; Rockwell, A. P., Roads and
pavements in France; Siebert,
J. S., and Biggin, F. C., Modern
stone cutting and masonry; Spauld
ing, F. C., Roads and pavements;
Waddell, J.A.L., l)e pontibus; Wait,
S. Cassan, Engineering and archi
tectural jurisprudence; Morison, G.
L., Memphis bridge; Howe, M. A.,
Retaining walls for earth; Metcalf,
Wm., Steel, A manual for steel
users; Monckton, J. If., Stair build
ing; Baker, J.0., Surveying instru
ments; Bolton, S. 8., Preservation
of timber by the use of antiseptics;
Carpenter, F. 1). Geographical sur
veying; Garhart, Daniel, Field-book
for civil engineers; Hodgman, F.,
Manual of land surveying; Nolan,
Thomas, The telescope; Plympton,
G. W., The aneroid barometer;
Roberts, F. C., The figure of the
earlh; Tratman, E. E. R., Railway
track and track work; Vose, G. L.,
A graphic method for solving cer
tain Jalgebriac problems; Specht, G.
.J., and others, Topographical sur
veying; Winslow, Arthur, Stadia
surveying; Nagle, J. C., Field man
ual for railroad engineers; Poole,
Herman, The calorific power of
fuels; Bodley,,). E C., France; Dol
man, F., Municipalities at work;
Daninsthorpe, W., Law in a free
state; Durand, E. D., Finances of
New York City; Howe, F. C., Taxa
tion and taxes in the United States;
.lephson, Henry, The platform;
McConachie, L. G., Congressional
committees; Proceedings of the
national conference for good city
government; Noyes, A. 1)., Thirty
years of American finance; Smith,
G. Essays on questions of the day;
Willoughby, W. F., Workingmen's
insurance; Bacon, Francis, Works;
Chapman, .1. J., Emerson and other
essays; Davidson, J., Rousseau;
Hinsdale, B. A., Horace Mann;
Mace, W. IL, Method in history;
Plato, Educational works, Tuck
well, Gertrude, The state and its
children; Warner, Francis, Study
of children; Hart, Mrs. Ernest, Diet
in sickness and in health; Wald
stein, Louis, The sub-conscious self
and its relation to education and
health; Rhodes, .). F., History of
the United States; Pausanias, De
scription of Greece, with commen
tary by ,J. G. Fraser; American
book prices current, compiled by
Ij. S. Livingston; Publishers' trade
list annual; Plackie, J. S., On self
culture; Brooks, Phillips, Fssays
and addresses; Goethe, Conversa
tions with ICckertnann, etc.; King,
I'hos. S., Substance and show;
Hegel, G. W. F., Philosophy of his
tory; kiilpe, Oswald, Introduction
to philosophy; Mackenzie, .John S.,
An introduction to social philos
ophy; Nettleship, R. L., Philosoph
ical lectures, etc.; Ritchie, D. G.,
Darwin and Hegel; Sidgwick,
Henry, Practical ethics; Smiles S.,
Self help; Eliot, C. \V M American
contributions to civilization; Wy
coff,W. A., The workers.
