# Stanford class ring sales stay high despite prices
## 
### Lisa Adler 
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
The laws of basic
economics dictate that as
the price of a commodity
rises then the demand will
subsequently decline.
Right? Almost.
The sale ot genuine gold
class rings at the Stanford
Bookstore has nearly defied
this commonly held princi
ple of the free market sys
tem.
Although the price of
gold and the price of 14-
karat gold class rings have
simultaneously increased
over the past few years,
ring-buyer Carol O'Leary at
the Stanford Bookstore
commented that the sale ot
real gold rings has not de
creased.
"I have been in charge of
buying class rings here for
three years, and the overall
sales haven't changed
dramatically," said O'Leary.
A recent estimate in Time
expects 60 percent of the

estimated 2.5 million class
rings sold this year to be
synthetic. Time attributes
an increased usage ot
synthetic metals to the high
prices asked for real gold
rings.
Art Carved, the company
which supplies the
bookstore with its rings,
manufactures a ring out of a
substance it calls Siladium,
a stainless-steel type of
metal.
At the Stanford
Bookstore, a men's 14-karat
genuine garnet sells for
$440.00 (minus tax) while a
women's 14 karat genuine
garnet costs $235.00 (minus
tax). Although Art Carved
does not make a Siladium
model for women, the
men's synthetic alternative,
a Siladium class ring, costs
$170.00 (minus tax), a quite
significant drop form the
price of real gold.
Despite this synthetic op
tion, the bookstore has

sold only three Siladium
rings. Mona Wong, and
employee, commented,
"People all the time say
they can hardly afford real
gold class rings, but they
often succumb and buy
them anyway. Alumni otten
send in orders for real gold
rings as well as weak Moms
who can't think of a more
suitable gitt for their Stan
ford students."
According to Eldon
Speed, the general man
ager of the bookstore,
jewelers' viewpoints have
been that people are not
buying a piece ot jewelry
for its metallic worth, but
rather they are indicating
that they attended a par
ticular university.
Speed added, however,
"If I were buying a Stanford
class ring and only intend
ing to purchase one in my
lifetime, I would want the
real thing."
