# Union To Entertain WACs at Dinner
## 
### 
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
The women of Union Unit will be
hostess to 20 WACs in the Union
Dining Hall for dinner Thursday
evening. Twenty Union girls will
exchange with the WACs and eat at
the Main Dining Hall that evening.
The exchange dinner is part of the •
Union Unit social program and is
under the direction of Betty Lou
Horton of Union Residence. Guests
are by invitation of the groups.
