# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.

JAP JEEP—In the recent Jap retreat from the Hollandia area of New Guinea, tons 01 supplies
were left behind, including this Jap version of the American jeep. Machine has a
two-cylinder air-cooled engine and a four-wheel drive.
