# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
THE ROUGHS
OF '00
found mentholated Hore
hound Drops as delicious
and as helpful for irri
tated throats as do the
young men of '27.
In generous bags
at 10c
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
