# Conference Dinner Raises Fund for Clubhouse Debt
## 
### 
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
A report that $135.68 was cleared by
the Clubhouse Board of Directors at
the dinner attended by all University
women before the quarterly confer
ence party held the beginning of Janu
ary, was made at a Board meeting.
This money will be used to reduce
the $4,000 debt that the Clubhouse
must pay off. and the Board wishes to
thank all women's living groups which
contributed to the success of the en
terprise.
