# 130-POUND FIVE TO PLAY BEARS TONIGHT
## 
### 
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
The 130-pound basketball squad left
this morning for Berkeley for their
first game against the California
lightweights. The game will be played
as a preliminary for the freshman
game in Harmon gymnasium at 7 p.m.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill thinks his
team ought to win if they play the
basketball they are capable of. This
year's team, composed of four vete
rans, has failed to approximate the
showing made by Stanford's 130's last
year.
Hobro and Meyer will probably start
at forward, Hogle at center, and Blos
ser and Hugo at guard.

Co-eds at Cornell university here
after will refuse to dance with men
who have even a faint smell of liquor
on their breath. This nation has been
taken as a solution to the problem of
college men attending daiices in a
drunken condition.
