# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
what
Scavey's are doing
with autos!
Custom BODY WORK and
modern Two-tone BAKED
ENAMEL are their special
ties.
Auto Baked Enamel
640 EMERSON DA 2-7412
PALO ALTO
