# Ike's Policy Asks Formosa Defense
## 
### 
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
WASHINGTON—The Eisenhower
administration's present policy calls
for the Chinese Nationalists to bear
the primary responsibility of de
fending the Quemoy and Matsu is
lands against any Red attack, it was
learned today.
This was disclosed here as some of
President Eisenhower's top advisers
were reported to be backing away
from their earlier stand that the
United States has 110 course but to
come to the defense of the off-shore
islands if they arc attacked by the
Chinese Communists.
As of now, it was said, these ad
visers arc less ready to urge the
President to retaliate against an at
tack. Ther<? are several reasons for
their change of mind—including the
attitude of U.S. allies and the belief
that Americans generally are not in
favor of getting involved in an all
out war over the islands.
