# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, best kind, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
grown to sell, not to keep, and the
good people of the University and
vicinity will lose money by going
elsewhere for plants than to the
nurseries of the Sunset Seed & Plant
Co. of Menlo Park, just across the
creek.
Full assortment, best kind, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
grown to sell, not to keep, and the
good people of the University and
vicinity will lose money by going
elsewhere for plants than to the
nurseries of the Sunset Seed & Plant
Co. of Menlo Park, just across the
creek.
Full assortment, best kind, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
grown to sell, not to keep, and the
good people of the University and
vicinity will lose money by going
elsewhere for plants than to the
nurseries of the Sunset Seed & Plant
Co. of Menlo Park, just across the
creek.
Full assortment, best kind, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
grown to sell, not to keep, and the
good people of the University and
vicinity will lose money by going
elsewhere for plants than to the
nurseries of the Sunset Seed & Plant
Co. of Menlo Park, just across the
creek.
Full assortment, best kind, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
grown to sell, not to keep, and the
good people of the University and
vicinity will lose money by going
elsewhere for plants than to the
nurseries of the Sunset Seed & Plant
Co. of Menlo Park, just across the
creek.
