# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We have seen our eleven line up
on the home field for the last time
before Thanksgiving. Tomorrow
they leave us for their week's stay
at Congress Springs and the next
time we see them will be when they
trot into Recreation Park and line
up for the struggle which brings
victory for 18137. As was to be ex
pected at this time of year, Berkeley
is fast coming into her customary
condition of complacent confidence.
They have been unusually slow in
reaching ; t this year and their foot
ball playing editor has striven val
iantly to ward it off, but it is in
evitable. We, as is also usual, are
beginning to think that defeat is
not impossible for us. There is no
doubt that the game this year will

be a hard struggle. But we have
what is probably the strongest team
that ever played at Stanford, and
the spirit which actuates every
man in it is the spirit which has
never suffered defeat to lower the
Stanford colors on Thanksgiving
yet. It is the spirit which hurled
our Freshmen to victory over dis
couraging odds this year, the
spirit which makes our teams play
hard all the time 011 our own live
yard line as well as on that of our
opponents', the spirit of sanguine
desperation, the Stanford spirit,
pure and simple. We have faith
in our men and believe that they
will not fail 11s. We expect them
to put up a harder game than they
played at any time during the sea
son, no matter how Berkeley plays.
If they do this, the result can not
but bring rejoicing once more into
the ranks of the cardinal.
