# Quads.
## 
### 
—James R. Nourse, '97, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto last semester,
is now city editor of the Santa Ana
Daily Blade.
—W. A. Prichard will have a
chainless bicycle on the campus
this week or next. Bicycle enthus
iasts will then have an opportunity
to mount the latest improvement
in bicycle construction.
—Euphronia Literary Society will
entertain the members of Saturday
Night Club and their friends next
Saturday evening at the regular
time of meeting. A literary and
social program is being prepared.
Contrary to the custom of the
society, the meeting is not open to
the public. •
—News was received today from
Portland, Or., that Henri Labbe,
I( J6, has been appointed French
vice-consul at Portland. The office
was recently raised from a consular
agency to a vice-consulate. Mr.
Labb£ is at present attending the
Columbia Law School and will
complete the course of study in
April, when he will assume the
duties of his new office. Mr. Labbe
is a graduate from the History de
partment and was one of the char
ter members of the Chi Psi frater
nity.
—James R. Nourse, '97, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto last semester,
is now city editor of the Santa Ana
Daily Blade.
—W. A. Prichard will have a
chainless bicycle on the campus
this week or next. Bicycle enthus
iasts will then have an opportunity
to mount the latest improvement
in bicycle construction.
—Euphronia Literary Society will
entertain the members of Saturday
Night Club and their friends next
Saturday evening at the regular
time of meeting. A literary and
social program is being prepared.
Contrary to the custom of the
society, the meeting is not open to
the public. •
—News was received today from
Portland, Or., that Henri Labbe,
I( J6, has been appointed French
vice-consul at Portland. The office
was recently raised from a consular
agency to a vice-consulate. Mr.
Labb£ is at present attending the
Columbia Law School and will
complete the course of study in
April, when he will assume the
duties of his new office. Mr. Labbe
is a graduate from the History de
partment and was one of the char
ter members of the Chi Psi frater
nity.
—James R. Nourse, '97, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto last semester,
is now city editor of the Santa Ana
Daily Blade.
—W. A. Prichard will have a
chainless bicycle on the campus
this week or next. Bicycle enthus
iasts will then have an opportunity
to mount the latest improvement
in bicycle construction.
—Euphronia Literary Society will
entertain the members of Saturday
Night Club and their friends next
Saturday evening at the regular
time of meeting. A literary and
social program is being prepared.
Contrary to the custom of the
society, the meeting is not open to
the public. •
—News was received today from
Portland, Or., that Henri Labbe,
I( J6, has been appointed French
vice-consul at Portland. The office
was recently raised from a consular
agency to a vice-consulate. Mr.
Labb£ is at present attending the
Columbia Law School and will
complete the course of study in
April, when he will assume the
duties of his new office. Mr. Labbe
is a graduate from the History de
partment and was one of the char
ter members of the Chi Psi frater
nity.
—James R. Nourse, '97, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto last semester,
is now city editor of the Santa Ana
Daily Blade.
—W. A. Prichard will have a
chainless bicycle on the campus
this week or next. Bicycle enthus
iasts will then have an opportunity
to mount the latest improvement
in bicycle construction.
—Euphronia Literary Society will
entertain the members of Saturday
Night Club and their friends next
Saturday evening at the regular
time of meeting. A literary and
social program is being prepared.
Contrary to the custom of the
society, the meeting is not open to
the public. •
—News was received today from
Portland, Or., that Henri Labbe,
I( J6, has been appointed French
vice-consul at Portland. The office
was recently raised from a consular
agency to a vice-consulate. Mr.
Labb£ is at present attending the
Columbia Law School and will
complete the course of study in
April, when he will assume the
duties of his new office. Mr. Labbe
is a graduate from the History de
partment and was one of the char
ter members of the Chi Psi frater
nity.
—James R. Nourse, '97, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto last semester,
is now city editor of the Santa Ana
Daily Blade.
—W. A. Prichard will have a
chainless bicycle on the campus
this week or next. Bicycle enthus
iasts will then have an opportunity
to mount the latest improvement
in bicycle construction.
—Euphronia Literary Society will
entertain the members of Saturday
Night Club and their friends next
Saturday evening at the regular
time of meeting. A literary and
social program is being prepared.
Contrary to the custom of the
society, the meeting is not open to
the public. •
—News was received today from
Portland, Or., that Henri Labbe,
I( J6, has been appointed French
vice-consul at Portland. The office
was recently raised from a consular
agency to a vice-consulate. Mr.
Labb£ is at present attending the
Columbia Law School and will
complete the course of study in
April, when he will assume the
duties of his new office. Mr. Labbe
is a graduate from the History de
partment and was one of the char
ter members of the Chi Psi frater
nity.
