# Riverside Well Pleased.
## 
### 
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
A highly pleased audience lis
tened last evening to a most enjoy
able program furnished by the Stan
ford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Fifteen young men compose each
club, and the Enterprise begs to
submit that their combined efforts
made up the best entertainment ev
er produced by college teams on the
Loring stage. The fact that nearly
every number on the program re
ceived an encore, alone speaks for
the warm reception given the boys
An exceptionally well rendered sel
ection was the "Bohemian Girl," by
the mandolins and guitars. A dom
inant feature of the program was
the flute solo by B. A.Olshausen,
which was encored. His flute with
the mandolins also did valiantduty.
Frank B. Riley also gave great
pleasure in monologue. His selec
tions were cleverly rendered, and in
his dialect sketch of Uncle Ephriam
he gave some real dramatic charac
ter work. Frank B. Corbusier gave
just a sample of the talent that is
in him. lie should be given an op
portunity to manifest his natural
ability. — Riverside Enterprise.
