# Gets Promotion
## 
### 

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.

ADMIRAL Jean Darlan, to whom
French Chief of State Petain has
agreed to surrender direct con
trol of the government in a com
promise with Pierre Laval's de
mand that Petain become Premier
over a regime directed by Laval.
