# Miss Johnson To Be Speaker.
## 
### 
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
Miss Alice Johnson, student secre
tary of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will speak to the Methodist
women of the University tomorrow
afternoon at 4 p.m., in the Women's
Club House.
