# AERONAUTICS LABORATORY AT STANFORD
## TO STUDY PROPELLORS Professor Durand Plans to Aid the National Advisory Commiitee 
### 
Professor W. F. I)uraiul, head of
the Mechanical Engineering depart
ment, on behalf of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics, is
planning during (lie coming year to
install at Stanford an aerodynamic
laboratory for experimental investiga
tion of problems in which this com
mittee is concerned, with special ref
erence to the investigation of aerial
propellors. lie will undertake an ex
perimental investigation of such pro
pellors, covering some fifty different
forms of models, with the view of
establishing reliable design constants
for the use of designers in developing
this feature of the aeroplane. Pro
fessor Durand will be associated in
this work with Professor E. P. Les
ley.
Durand Elected President.
Professor Durand recently returned
from a meeting of the Advisory Com
mittee, held in Washington, D. C..
where he was chosen chairman for the
coming year. The National Advisory
Committee on Aeronautics was au
thorized by act of Congress in the
early days of the present adminis
tration, as an independent establish
ment of the government, intended to
stand in advisory relations with all
departments, in activities in which
the art of aeronautics might he of in
terest or importance, and with special
reference to the development of aero
nautics in the military and naval ser
vices.
On the occasion of this meeting.
