# Sixteen Men to Compete In Tournament Saturday
## 
### 
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
Sixteen men will compete in the
weekly novice tennis tournament
which will be played on Saturday and
Sunday on the local courts, beginning
at 1:30, Saturday. The rules will be
the same as those which governed
previous tournaments. All men who
have won in one of the previous tour
naments will not be eligible for Sat
urday's play. A tournament for the
winners will be held at some future
date.
