# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
I|| At press time
|| Roos still hid
p a good selection
jit of the Ivy League
i|J polished cotton
|112 buckle-back
|| khakis! They
|| literally walk
!|| out of the stoic—-
so if you want these
special fine cotton
pleatlcss khakis—
i|| run to Roos! 7.95
STANFORD CHOPPING v .
