# Tennismen Repeat With 5-4 Victory Over San Jose
## 
### 
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
Stanford's teruiis team barely
eked out a 5-4 victory over San
Jose State College yesterday aft
ernoon to give them a 2-0 season's
record against the Spartans.
Earlier in the year the Indians
blasted the Spartans, 9-0, while
playing without Jack Douglas and
Jack Frost. Battling yesterday
without Ihe assistance of not only
Douglas and Frost but Roger Kee
sing and Dave Duff as well, the
Card netters won with their
strong second team.
The victory gives Coach Bob
Renker's racqueteers a season's
record of six dual-meet wins and
six defeats.
