# Distaff Club Will Hold Monthly Lunch Meeting
## 
### 
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
Distaff Club will hold its month
ly bring-your-sandwich luncheon
in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse at noon today.
