# Out of the Bindery
## 
### 
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
To the Editor:
Robert Krooth's letter in the Aug.
9 Daily delighted me no end. For
from my malodorous corner in the
Chemistry Library, many times I
have had to inform some inquiring
student that the periodical he de
sired was "at the bindery." Com
passion stirs my heart as I watch
the face of the future chemist turn
puce with anguish.
however, Mr. Krooth's sugges
tion about two subscriptions for
every magazine does not appeal to
me, as it no doubt would make
things exactly twice as hopeless. I
think that each periodical, as it ar
rives at its destination, should be
chained to a table like the tele
phone books in a drugstore. This
would eliminate the need of i* li
brarian (Yipe! my job!), the bind
ery staff, the messenger who trans
ports the tomes back and forth, and
sundry other employees of the Uni
versity. The money thus saved
could be used for more subscrip
tions, or pensions for the bindery
workers.
ROSEMARY DUGGIN
