# Will Represent Pacific Coast.
## 
### 
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
Plaw, Parsons and Kerrigan will
represent the Pacific Coast in the
Olympic games at Athens this year.
Plaw will throw the weights, Par
sons will run the hundred, and
Kerrigan will compete in the high
jump.
