# Farrer to Discuss Study in Europe
## 
### 
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
Bill Farrer will open llic "Stan
ford in Europe" program of (he
Institute of International Rela
tions tonight at 7 in the Lagunita
dining room with a talk on educa
ional opportunities for United
States and foreign students in
Europe.
Sponsored hy the International
Education Committee, Fairer will
discuss particularly summer
schools in Italy, France, and
Switzerland. He will also explain
the methods proposed to cut costs
for students going to Europe, in
cluding the chartering of DC-4's
for the trip. This plan of mass
transportation will set the ex
pense of a round trip from New
York to London at $IKM) and from
New York to Paris at $.'550. These
figures are less than the cost of a
trip third-class on the Queens or
America.
Any man or woman 011 campus
who is interested in the possibili
ties of study in Europe is invited
to attend this lecture tonight.
