# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
REAL VALUES
For a $12.50 Book
$3.00
RISE OF AMERICAN
CIVILIZATION
Chas. and Mary Beard
$1.00
For a $10 Book
OUTLINE OF HISTORY
H. G. Wells
$1.00
For a $5.00 Book
STORY OF PHILOSOPHY
Will Durant
Lending Library with wide
choice of non-fiction and
fiction
Stationery and Supplies
PALO ALTO
BOOK SHOP
158 University Ave.
