# D.U. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
Delta Cpsilon announces the j
pledging of William C. Ferguson, ;
'31.
I
