# EASTERNERS DEPLORE COLLEGIATE BOOING
## 
### 
Showers of ]><>)> bottles and vitu- j
perative phrases treqijently serve
as means of self expression for cer
tain enraged spectators at profes
sional athletic contests. Raucous;
outbursts such as were all 100 evi
dent at last evening's game, how
ever, are more often associated '
with prize tights than with college
basketball games.
Charitable commentors upon the j
athletic relations between Cornell
and Syracuse in Ihe past have!
pointed out the difficulties raised I
by vociferous and partisan towns
people supporting the two teams.
An impartial observer last night, j

however, could attribute only to
various over-enthusiastic under
graduate rooters the boos and other
vocal protests of Cornell support'
ers against the decisions of the of
ficials.
Sympathetic critics of college
athletics deplore the growing simi
larity of intercollegiate and pro
fessional sports. The hitherto high
standard of sportsmanship, main
tained by spectators as well as
participants at intercollegiate con
tests is one distinction between
college and professional .sports
which we hope the colleges will
maintain.
