# SEND THE DAILY HOME
## LAS Comm Plans Research 
### 
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
The Committee on Latin Amer
a summer program of indepen
ican Studies is again sponsoring
dent research in Latin America
for outstanding juniors who are
interested in the Latin American
field.
The purpose of the program is
to give highly qualified and mo
tivated undergraduates experi
ence in planning and carrying
out field research and at the
same time to explore Latin
America as a possible area for
further work or study.
The program involves three
quarters of work, including the
summer. During spring quarter,
students who qualify for the pro
gram enroll in LASIS2, Under

graduate Seminar in Research
Design.
The summer is spent in actual
research at the student's chosen
destination with the Committee
on Latin American Studies pro
viding travel expenses and a liv
ing stipend. During fall quarter,
students write up the results of
the research under the direction
of an advisor in their own de
partment.
To apply for the program, a
student should submit the fol
lowing documents:
• A two- to four-page double
spaced typewritten statement of
the research problem to be in
vestigated, indicating the pro
posed destination and the level

of the student's language com
petence;
• A letter oi recommendation
from a faculty sponsor in his de
partment willing to supervise
the writing of the project dur
ing fall quarter.
These materials should be di
rected to the Committee on Lat
in American Studies, Boliva*
House. Deadline for applications
is February 10, 1967. Applicants
will be notified on February 24.
Dr. Hotchkiss and several stu
dents who participated in the
program last summer will meet
with interested juniors Tuesday,
January 24, at 7 p.m. in Room
270, Tresidder Union, to discuss
the program.
