# Waltzin'
## 
### 

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.

Classical Indian Dancers per
formed at Dinkelspiel Auditor
ium last Thursday night.
