# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the caterer in par
tially granting the demands of the
student waiters for increased remu
neration is to be commended. The
justice of the demands was evi
dently recognized, and a satisfac
tory compromise was effected. It
is to be hoped that no further
trouble may arise.
The action of the caterer in par
tially granting the demands of the
student waiters for increased remu
neration is to be commended. The
justice of the demands was evi
dently recognized, and a satisfac
tory compromise was effected. It
is to be hoped that no further
trouble may arise.
The action of the caterer in par
tially granting the demands of the
student waiters for increased remu
neration is to be commended. The
justice of the demands was evi
dently recognized, and a satisfac
tory compromise was effected. It
is to be hoped that no further
trouble may arise.
The action of the caterer in par
tially granting the demands of the
student waiters for increased remu
neration is to be commended. The
justice of the demands was evi
dently recognized, and a satisfac
tory compromise was effected. It
is to be hoped that no further
trouble may arise.
The action of the caterer in par
tially granting the demands of the
student waiters for increased remu
neration is to be commended. The
justice of the demands was evi
dently recognized, and a satisfac
tory compromise was effected. It
is to be hoped that no further
trouble may arise.
