# Data Organization Subject of Meeting
## 
### 
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
Systems for storage, organiza
tion and retrieving of informa
tion will be the subject of a meet
ing today at 8 p.m. in the con
ference room of the Lockheed
Guided Missile Systems head
quarters in Stanford Industrial
Park.
Eva Lou Robertson, Lockheed
librarian, will discuss literature
problems, and James P. Thurber,
Jr., Stanford associate general
secretary, will describe the IBM
system for the University gift
program.
