# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Norman (No. 18, 190 lbs.. 6-3.
19 - year - old sophomore from
Lynwood) played for the frosh
team last season. He's rated a
good prospect for the coming
seasons, but is facing tough
competition this year. He's
spent most of this year imitat
ing enemy quarterbacks dur
ing the Indian squad's work
outs. Major: mechanical engi
neering.

Harrington (No. 29. 202 lbs.,
6-0, 21-year-old senior from Ho
nolulu) transferred from Men
l(j two years ago. Had misfor
tune of playing fullback behind
Bill Tarr. Averaged 6.2 yards
per carry and 42.3 yards per
punt in nine games. Was third
in playing time of halfbacks
last year. Steadier this year.
Defense improved. Major: his
tory.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DIC K NOIOIA \ T
Quarterback


AL HARRINGTON
Back
