# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
— Hugo A. Kiefer, Physiology
graduated last year from the med
ical college of the University of
Pennsylvania. He is now in Phil
adelphia fitting himself as a spec
ialist.
