# Student Debaters To Appear on TV
## 
### 
The Stanford Speech Associa
tion and the Speech and Drama
Department will sponsor a tele
vision show on KPIX at 1:30 p.m.
Sunday. This will he the second
Stanford program on television
this weekend. Professor John
Dodds will appear tonight.
The topic of the show, which
which will be a debate, is
"Should American Citizens Be
Tried Abroad?" and discussion
will center on the "Status of
Forces Agreements" and the Gi
rard trial.
Don Proudfoot, a junior and an
economics major, will take the
affirmative and Pat Milligan,
also a junior and a political sci
ence major, will argue the nega
tive.
