# Car Insurance Rates Boosted
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO (/P)â€”The au
tomobile insurance bill paid by
California drivers goes up by
more than 52 million dollars a
year effective tomorrow.
Unprecedented losses and a
high accident frequency among
insured cars caused the new rate
boosts.
The standards set by insurance
rating organizations are followed
by about 70 per cent of the com
panies writing automobile insur
ance in California.
Thumping increases will be
charged for minimum standard
coverage on unmarried male driv
ers under 25, ihe group with the
worst accident record and the
greatest loss costs.
"Motorists cannot exercise any
control over the inflationary
forces that have gripped our
economy, but they have it within
their power to control the num
ber and severity of accidents," the
statement said.
"When the public is willing to
demand the kind of laws and law
enforcement thai will save lives
and prevent accidents, then and
only then will we be able to en
joy lower insurance rates."
