# Menlo Park Guild To Present Play
## 
### 
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
Agatha Christie's melodrama
"Witness for the Prosecution" will
ho presented by the Menlo Players
Guild tonight and tomorrow night
at 8:30 p.m. in tho Burgess Park
Little Theatre, Menlo Park Civic
Center.
The play will also ho given on
Friday and Saturday nights next
week. Ticket information may be
obtained by calling DA 6-2685.
