# Minerals Sought For Geo Exhibit
## 
### 
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
The Geology Department is
hunting for outstanding mineral
specimens to display them in the
department's mineralogical col
lections.
Anyone who has access to fine
specimens and wishes to donate
them may contact Professors
Colin O. Hutton and Kurt Servos.
