# FOOTBALL MOVIES
## 
### 
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
Football movies of the Wash
ington State game will be shown
at 7:15 p.m. tomorrow night in
Cubberley Auditorium. Coach
Marchie Schwartz will narrate
the movies.
