# Untitled Article
## 
### 

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.

WHO WILL WIN?—One of these men will represent the Senior
class in Excom: Gordy Campbell, George Truitt. and Chuck Rob
inson stand side by side for a moment before Wednesday's elec
tion battle. A fourth opponent, Jack Moscowitz, is not pictured.
