# SOPH EXCOM
## 
### 
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
Sophomore Exconi will meet to
night at 7 in the Women's Club
house.
