# Ideas for Target Statue Requested
## 
### 
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
Activity aimed at erecting some
sort of "symbolic statue" on cam
pus was given life yesterday as
Excom's Stanford Symbol Com
mittee learned of the latest Big
"C" burning on the Hoover Tower
lawn.
Committee chairman Chuck
Silverberg, soph representative
on Exeoni. said his group has
been considering the statue as an
answer to Cal's Big "C"—in so far
as it would he open to the paint
brush attacks of invading Cal
students.
Chairman Silverberg invites
any and all student suggestions
on what the statue should repre
sent and where it should he
placed.
