# INTRAMURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
The intramural office has an
nounced that they will arbitrarily
forfeit all handball, horseshoe,
and table-tennis games that are
not played hy the posted dates.
