# Last Day to Petition For Credit Evaluation
## 
### 
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
Today is the last day for stu
dents who have taken work else
where to petition for evaluation
of their transfer college work.
Petitions are also due for those
who wish military credit added to
their records.
Forms may be obtained at the
information desk of the Regis
trar's office, Temporary Building
A-60.
Iluilfding A is in the group of
temporary buildings behind the
Education Building.
