# SIRO to Stage Variety Show
## 
### 
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
Student auditions for a student
faculty talent show to be presented
in conjunction with the 1949 SIRO
drive will be held a week from to
morrow from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Deans Kimpton and Brown and
Registrar H. Donald Winbigler have
already volunteered to appear in the
show, according to Barbara Aaron
son, special events director for the
drive.
"We are looking for all the hidden
talent in student living groups to
match the unequaled thespians of
the faculty," says Miss Aaronson.
The show is to be of the vaudeville
variety show type, and several out
standing presentations are already
planned. However, most of the en
tertainment will probably be very
spontaneous, according to Miss
Aaronson, for neither students nor
faculty members have the time to
devote to a polished dramatic pro
duction.
The auditions are open to any type
of student talent—dramatic, musical,
dancing, comedy acts, and especially
original acts.
