# The 						UN Builds
## 
### 
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
NKW YORK—The United Nations
Assembly will huld an unprecedent
ed outdoor meeting on Manhattan's
•12nd Street tomorrow to hear Pres
ident Truman and witness the !ay
inu of the cornerstone for the new
UN home.
