# Majors to Draw 200.000 in Debut
## 
### 
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
NEW YORK. April 13 (UP).- A
war-time baseball season opens to
morrow on the major league front
before an estimated throng of over
200.000 persons.
The champion Brooklyn Dodgers
open against the Giants at the Polo
Grounds with 50.000 fans expected.
The Yankees, American League
champs, make their how against the
Senators in Washington before ;i
distinguished crowd of .'50,000.

Famous last words: "1 know it's
agin the law to turn around in the
middle of the block but shucks, no
body's lookine!"
