# Coach Names Nine Stanford Students for Tunney Awards
## 
### 
Nine Stanford students have been
named winners of the coveted Gene
Tunney awards it was announced
yesterday by Harry W. Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, and Clayton
W. Frye, varsity boxing coach.
Winners are Ira Fishman, Hy He
bert, Aubrey Fairfax, Frank Hewitt,
A1 Smith, Hank Claflin, Pete Gadd,
Don Grant, and Bob McNeil. Usually
the awards are limited to eight, but
the judging was so close that it was
decided to give an extra award this
year.
Gene Tunney, former world's
heavyweight boxing champion and
Lieut.-Comdr. in the Navy, an
nually awards gold boxing gloves to
the eight qualifying boxers. These
awards are the only ones of their
kind, being presented exclusively to
Stanford students.
The awards are based on the fol
lowing qualifiactions: character and
attitude, scholarship, leadership,
sportsmanship, and boxing ability.
The gloves will be presented to the
winners by Chancellor Ray Lyman
Wilbur at the minor sports banquet
sponsored by the Circle S Society.
Tunney, a long-time friend of Ma
loney's, became very interested in
Stanford's boxing program and the
part boxing played in college life.
In 1927 the champion created the
award as a symbol of clean living.
For the first time since the estab
lishment of the medals, the judges
have waived the qualifications of
weight division and senior standing.
Arrangements have been made
with a local establishment to put the
awards on display.
