# New Engineering Libe Opens Today
## 
### 
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
The new Engineering Library, lo
cated on the ground floor of the
Main Library and including the
volumes of the Civil, Electrical, Me
chanical and Mining Engineering Li
braries, opened its doors this morn
ing for the first time.
Library hours were announced as
9-12, 1-5, 7-10 from Monday through
Friday, and 9-12 on Saturdays. Dur
ing hours when the library is closed
engineering books may be obtained
from the desk of the Main Library.
