# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
Advertising
Assistant
Responsible position in expanding
marketing department of
educational organization media
buying and/or copy & layout
experience desirable. Send resume
with salary requirements & home
phone number to Box 3728,
Stanford, Calif. No resume will be
considered without salary
requirements.
