# Sports shorts
## 
### 
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
Rugby: Last Friday, Stanford
lost a hard-fought battle with
California, 21-12. Leading the
way for the Cardinal were John
Hamilton, who scored a try, and
Eric Fleckten, who connected
on two field goals. Stanford,
undefeated in conference play
this season, will hope to contin
ue its winning ways when it
faces Cal State-Chico at 1 p.m.
Saturday at Maloney Field.
