# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
Minnesota is considering withdraw
ing from the Bis? Eight Conference.
