# Daily Election
## 
### 
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
Election of next fall's DAILY
editor will take place from 1 to
4 this afternoon In the DAILY
office. DAILY staffers who have
worked for the paper for the
last two quarters are eligible
to vote.
