# Free U Plans Campus Rally
## 
### 
The Stanford Committee on
Radical Education, a campus
front for the Midpeninsula Free
University, will sponsor a noon
rally today on White Memorial
Plaza. The purpose of the rally
is a critical examination of the
National Service Foundation
program.
Speakers will include Roy
Kepler, well known lecturer,
pacifist, and owner of Kepler's
Books and Magazines; Dave
Ransom, Editor of the Mid-pe
ninsula Observer and Peace and
Freedom Party candidate for
congress; and Vic Lovell, Coor
dinator of the Midpeninsula
Free University.
On Sunday the Political Ac
tion Committee of the Midpe
ninsula Free University will
sponsor a rally and counter
demonstration at Frost Amphi
theater. The demonstration,
which will begin at 12:30 p.m.,
will also be directed at the Na
tional Service Foundation.
