# Ruggers Axe Cal In Opener
## 
### CLIFF NANCARROW 
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
Thanks to the strong leg and
accurate toe of Stewart Wilson,
Stanford's Varsity rugby team will
carry a narrow three-point edge
into their next encounter with Cal
Berkeley in the second game of
this year's series for the Big Scrum
Axe.
In Saturday's match here at the
Farm, neither team could manage
to punch the ball across the goal
line for a try. All of the scoring
came on penalty kicks in a wind
marred game that saw the Indians
outlast a late Bear rally and
seemingly innumerable attempts
for game winning penalty kicks to
hang on to a tenuous 15-12
victory.
The strong wind made accurate
passing difficult and certainly
accounted for some of the free
kicks going wide of the mark. But
the referee whistled just as much
as the wind and gave each team
many shots to put it out of reach
one way or the other.

The Indians, not playing one of
their sharper games, were caught
offside several times and
committed a vareity of other
infractions in the shadow of their
own goalposts to give the Bears
altogether too many good angles.
The Tribe scored first but the
Bears had knotted it by the half.
Wilson stretched Stanford's lead
to 12- 6 and then 15-9, cut Cal
came back to narrow it to three
before full time.

The Big Scrum Axe is awarded
to the team that scores the most
combined points in the two game
match. Stanford's ruggers travel to
Berkeley next Saturday for the
finale.
In other action, Stanford's
seconds powered over Berkeley's
"Guanos", handily defeating them
by the score of 23-3 on tries by
Eric Cross, Ray Wilson and
George Catalaa assisted by Ron
Kadziel.
