# TEXAS COLLEGE BOOSTS EXCHANGE BY WIRELESS
## 
### 
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
HOUSTON, Texas, October s—Much5 —Much
interest was manifested by the twen
ty-five members of the Rice Radio
Club over the "Exchange by Wireless"
idea. It. was decided that an exten
sive campaign be carried out to get
the Wireless Clubs of other colleges
interested in weekly exchange of news
items.
Antha Ellis. President of the Club,
has the co-operation of the Engineer
ing Department in developing the
scheme. It is planned to enlarge the
plant so that messages may be re
ceived from all over the country.
