# LOCAL SIGHTSEEING IS PICTORIAL TOPIC
## 
### 
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
"Sightseeing at Home," will be the
subject of a novel feature in the No
vember issue of the "Stanford Pic
torial." The magazine will probably
be on sale during the latter part of
the month. A series of try-outs are
now being conducted by the "Pic
torial" management in the editorial,
photographic, and managerial branch
es of the book. Tryoutees may enter
the competition by communicating
with the "Pictorial" at Box 618, Stan
ford Campus.
