# SJSU clips wrestlers
## 
### Gordon Stephenson 
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
Despite the efforts of senior
tri-captain Terry Mclntyre the
Stanford wrestling team
posted a narrow 23-15 loss last
night in its season-opener at
San Jose State..
Competing without Steve
Yarbrough, a sophomore who
compiled a 20-12-1 record last
season, an inexperienced
Stanford squad posted three
straight victories in the upper
weights to come back from a
23-3 deficit.
Sophomore Ron Perry, who
finished one match away from
qualifying for the NCAA tour
nament last year, fought to a
10-9 victory over Spartan
Scott Benson at 177 pounds.
He was followed by
Mclntyre at 190 pounds, who
brought home the meet's only
fall, pinning Scott Gustafson
2:07 into the first period.

Mclntyre, who qualified for
the NCAAs last season, is cur
rently one of only two seniors
on an otherwise young varsity
team.
The final match of the night
pitted sophomore Trent Smith
against San Jose's Brent Smith
in the unlimited class. Stan
ford's Smith, who tips the
scales at 192 pounds, handed
his 230-pound opponent a 9-8
defeat in a heated contest.
Competing with four fresh
men on the starting squad and
forfeiting the 118 pound
match, Stanford's first outing
of the season seemed respect
able. As Coach Chris Horpel,
a former Stanford All-America
wrestler himself, noted: "It
looks like we'll be playing
catchup all season. Without a
118-pounder, and with a
relatively inexperienced team,
a lot depends on the fresh
men's progress."
