# Gaylord Blasts Medical Plan
## 
### 
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
MAIHSON. Wis. <UPI> Wis
consin (low (jaylord Nelson's
criticism of the Federal Medical
Care Plan for the Aged will he
sent as a model to all Democratic
governors in the nation by presi
dential nominee Sen. John Ken
nedy, it was learned yesterday.
Nelson's office said Kennedy
had requested a copy of the com
ments.
Nelson criticized a portion of
the new medical care plan passed
by Congress and signed by the
President as a "handout" and a
"fraud."
He said the law would give the
state and local governments of
Wisconsin a total of about $2.5
million more a year, but would
not increase 'he number of per
sons under care or the type of
care they receive.
Nelson said this portion of ihe
bill would merely reduce present
state-county costs.
