# Seniors to Hold Olympic Reunion
## 
### 
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
The senior class will hold its |
annual Olympic Day reunion Fri- j
day.
The day will get underway with
the traditional relay run from the
Cellar to the Alpine Beer Garden.
Toga-clad seniors will carry a
flaming torch to the Garden, com- j
mencing a day of Olympic con- j
tests between 15 seniors and 15 !
underclassmen.
Winding up the day's activities,
the tired contestants and eager i
fans will dance to the music of a j
six-piece combo.
