# Days of Rugby Practice Changed.
## 
### 
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Because of conflict with the base
ball schedule Captain Thoburn has
changed the regular days for spring
football practice from Monday, Wed
nesday, and Friday to Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
