# Philological Association.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
At the meeting of the Philolog
ical Association yesterday two
papers were read. The first was
by Dr. B. O. Foster of the Latin
department on 44 Word-accent in
Latin Verse." In the second paper
Dr. Julius Goebel of the German
department suggested a new ety
mology for the word 44 Mephistoph
elean
