# W.A.A. Board Schedules Business Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
W.A.A. Board will hold its regular
business meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. The meet
ing was postponed from last Wednes
day because of the showing of the
motion picture, "Siegfried," on the
campus.
