# TRYOUTS FOR ASSISTANT YELL LEADER BEGIN WITH MEETING TOMORROW NIGHT
## 
### 
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
First try-outs for assistant yell
leaders for next year will be held
tomorrow at 5 p. m. in the Old
Union. All sophomores are eligible.
Yell Leader Lou Minsky an
nounces that a new feature of the
try-outs will be that all men com
peting will be excused from regular
gymnasium classes. Everything in
regard to the trvouts will be ex
plained at the meeting tomorrow
night.
The trials will be conducted as a
class in yell leading and all those
wishing to sign up must be present
tomorrow night, according to
Minsky.
