# PREPARATIONS FOR GOLF MATCH ADVANCING RAPIDLY
## Stanford and California Players Will Meet on Claremont County Club Links December 6. 
### 
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
Members of the Stanford Golf club,
along with other enthusiasts for the
game, met last evening at the Phi
Kappa Psi house to discuss plans for
the golf match with California on the
Claremont County Country Club links.
The changing of the date from No
vember 29 to December 6 will allow
the contestants to be in much better
form. It was decided to hold tryouts
from now until the match. For this
purpose links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club will be secured. The four
members of the team will be selected,
as usual, from those having the four
lowest combined scores for the course.
At California, Captain K. D. Fobes
is now conducting tryouts with a large
field to pick from. The team of four
men will consist of lour in the two
somes and two in the foursomes. The
choice will lie made in the same man
ner hs at Stanford.
