# Shipyard Worker Recruiting Begun
## 
### 
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
For the next two months a nat
tionwide recruiting program is un
der way to secure 7.000 additional
workers for Hunter's Point Naval
Prydocks in San Francisco and j
Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.

Men and women hired for duty at
either of these places will be as
sured in each case that housing fa
cilities will be available for them
when they report for duty.

For information concerning these
jobs applications may be made at the
12th U.S. Civil Service Regional Of
fice, Federal Building, in San Fran
cisco. All positions are subject to
regulation by the War Manpower
Commission.
