# Books by Faculty Receive Mention
## 
### 
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
Four volumes ol the list of the 60
best educational books of the year
published in the Journal of the Na
tional Education Association were
written by or in collaboration with
faculty members of Stanford's School
of Education.
Dr. J. P. Leonard and Dr. Alvin C.
Eurich were editors of "An Evalua
tion of Modern Education," which
was a report on research studies in
progressive education, sponsored by
the Society of Curriculum Study.
"Modern Languages for Modern
Schools," by Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers,
stresses the psychological and socio
logical foundations of language
learning.
Experiments with integration of
foreign languages, English, and so
cial studies were made by Dr. Kaul
fers, Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, and
H. D. Soberts and reported in "For
eign Languages and Cultures in
American Education.''
The fourth book, selected as among
the 60 best, was "Living: the Basis
for Learning,"
