# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec's "Yvette Guilbert"
(1898) is part of a Stanford Museum exhibition
documenting the impact of the art of Japan on
that of Europe in the closing decades of the 19th
century. The exhibition is called "Japonisme,"
and it runs through April 16.
