# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nothing should merit stronger
rebuke than the wanton (lest ruction
or defacement of property. The
buildings mi the ciinipus have re
cently been defaced with the em
blems of a secret society to an ex
tent that will not permit of longer
silence on the subject. This last
outrage was very evidently perpe
trated by freshmen, as they have
seen lit to an lounce the fact by
signing their class number to it.
They need not have signed it. No
one but an untutored freshman
could derive any satisfaction from
such coarse sport. It is bad enough
for the buildings or quad to be
marked on state occasions, but
when the University buildings are
littered and defaced with no palpa
ble excuse, it can no longer be en
dured.
