# MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
Ehvyn Bugge, director of intra
mural activities, announced yes
terday the deadline for horseshoes,
table tennis, and handball is Nov.
3 and that volleyball scores ute
due immediately.
