# Politics Will Be Debate Subject
## 
### 
The sccond student political de
bate of 11 io quarter will be held
Monday night at in Cubherlcy
Auditorium.
The topic will he "Resolved, that
in order 1o further the domestic and
foreign interests of the United
States, a change in federal admin
istration is necessary."
Hal Rogers and AI Brousc will
support the Democratic position,
while Chandler Meyers and Bob
Buckles will present 'he Republican
viewpoint.
Dr. Anthony Hillbruner, debate
coach, has announced that the de
bate will follow the Oregon cross
question procedure. One team will
present the case and the other will
cross-examine the opposition and
give the rebuttal.
Under the rules establi bed for
political speeches, the debate will
be open only to students and fac
ulty members.
Debate Manager â€žDave Jaeobsen
will be chairman of the event.
