# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
Oklahoma U. is training flying
j I adet:« in H.t ).T <' units.
