# FLYERS' BODIES STILL UNFOUND
## 
### 
SKATTI.K, Wash., Jan. .51) (/P).â€”
While rescuers in Siberia were digging
for the fifth da\ for the bodies of (Jar
Lien Ficlson and Karl Borland when
their plane was demolished and bnriec
by snows, Ole L'.ielson, father of the
famous Alaskan air pioneer, was dm
here tomorrow, en route to Alaska.
The difficult search in hard-packer
ice 'JO miles southeast of North Cape
Siberia, was being carried on today b\
seven men, digging over about 10,()0(
square yards where parts of the plane
cargo, and equipment had been strewi
and buried by winter storms during
nearly three months since the acciden
occurred. I.ielson and Borland wen
flung to tlu trading ship Nauuk, ice
bound at North ' ape, from Teller
Alaska, when they disappeared on No
vcmber 9. Their wrecked ship was lo
cated Saturday b\ Pilots Joe Crossoi
and J larold (Jillam.
