# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
Yale is building an ape ranch for
research purposes with the Rocke
feller funds.
