# HALL IS ELECTED VARSITY TENNIS LEADER FOR 1930
## 
### 
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
Larry Hall was elected to
captain the tennis squad for
the 1930 season by last year's
lettermen yesterday. Hall, a
3-year letterrnan, replaces
Johnny Poen, who is not regis
tered this quarter.
Last week Hall decisively
toek first, place in varsity
ranking from Chuck Weesner.
His record is uniformly ex
cellent; last year he won all
seven of his major conference
matches. In 1928 lie won the
intercollegiate doubles tourna
ment at Ojai, with Captain A 1
Herrington; and, paired with
Doeg, lie won several import
ant engagements in the East
last summer.
