# "Stanford Night" in Lake Arrowhead Dance Series
## 
### 
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
Saturday, August 1, has been selected
by the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of
Commerce for "Stanford Night" in the
series of dances to be presented in the
Lake Arrowhead village this summer.
