# Freshmen Plan Jolly-Up For Tomorrow Evening
## 
### 
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
A jolly-up, by and for the freshman
class, will be given tomorrow night in
Roble Hall from 6:30 to 8 o'clock. Dance
inusic will be supplied by Norman Lar
sen's six-piece jazz orchestra. All fresh
men men and women are invited to at
tend.
The jolly-ups have proved very popular
and are being held at intervals of about
two weeks throughout the quarter. Ar
rangements are being made by the fresh
man dance committee headed by Carolyn
Grossman, chairman.
