# Hallowe'en Party.
## 
### 
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
A general invitation is extended
to the men and women of the Uni
versity to be present at the post
poned Hallowe'en party tomorrow
night. Ping pong, charades, chest
nut-roasting, and gypsy fortune
telling are among the features.
Mrs. Starbuck will play the piano,
Dr. Little will sing, and Mr. Noyes
of the Art department will perform
on the cello. The social is to be
held at the home of Miss Needles
and the adjoining home of Dr.
Little, corner Kingsley avenue and
Waverly street, Palo Alto, under
the auspiceß of the Christian Asso
ciations. All who go from the
campus aro asked to meet in front
of Assembly Hall at half-past
seven.
