# The 						College World.
## 
### 
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
—The athletic plan at Syracuse
is to have a director in charge of
all out-of-door athletics, furnished
annually with $6,000 by the stu
dents, and $4,000 by the univer
sity.
—Chicago University appropri
ates $50 yearly for music for the
musical club,-, in return for which
the clubs give their services on oc
casions when requested by (he pres
ident.
— A recent issue of the World's
Work contains this statement: "A
generation of really well-trained
writers on contemporaneous sub
jects would be the best practical
investment that our universities
could make for the building up of
good speech and of clear thinking
in our democracy."
—The alumni of Yule from the
Hawaiian Islands provide a scholar
ship fund of $500 a year to send
some student from the Islands
through college. The holder of the
fund this year is a son of Judge
John Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
young man is a graduate of Oahu
College in the class of 1900.
—The French minister of public
instruction has sent a large con
signment of edition de luxe vol
umes, comprising all the historical
and other works printed by the
French government, to the Univer
sity of Chicago as a present from
the government. France intends
later to send six graduates to
Chicago.
