# Bradshaw Points at U.C.L.A, Freshman Game
## INJURIES MAY BE BIG HANDICAP FOR SOUTHERN FROSH U.C.L.A.-Babe Contest Will Be Preliminary For Minnesota Fray 
### 
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
With indications on the Farm
pointing to one of the neatest fresh
man football crews in several lean
seasons, and the enthusiastic bally
hoo over at California shouting that
the present Blue and Gold yearlings
comprise the greatest first-year
team since the Golden Bear was
whelped, some of the sporting
minded cynics are painfully tortur
ing themselves with conjecture as
to the result of the forthcoming
tangle here on the seventh ,of No
vember.
Right at the present, Coach Jimmy
Bradshaw is more concerned with
next Saturday's game with the
U.C.L.A. youngsters. And all this
despite the fact that the Uclans
were very badly handled by the Los
Angeles Junior College outfit in a
sort of mixed game and practice
scrimmage last v/eek. The Westwood
men were easily handled by the
lighter Jaysee team and t"he fray
ended with the latter holding a 24
to 9 advantage.
U.C.L.A. Star Hurt
Later in last Saturday's game the
Uclans appeared vastly improved,
defeating Glendale J.C. 20 to 7 while
the Los Angeles squad suffered a
19 to 0 loss from the Cardinals. It
was a costly victory for Westwood,
however, as the fair-haired boy on
the squad, one quarterback troup
ir.g under the formidable name of
Mike Frankovitch, was badly in
jured and apparently will be out for
the remainder of the year. From
reports*he had done everything for
his team but carry the water bucket
on the turf and sweep out the
dressing room. Passing, kicking,
blocking were all among the versa
tile Frankovitch's accomplishments.
Incidentally he does a little ball
toting on the side, and rambled
seventy yards to a touchdown on a
return of a punt in the Glendale
game. With such a potential All-
American out of the running, Brad
shaw might well afford a sigh of
relief.
