# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
In Japan there are but few oppor
tunities for women to secure collegi
ate training. There are two normal
colleges, one privately endowed uni
versity and a few mission schools for
women. In only two of the five Im
perial Universities are women allowed
to matriculate.
