# GORDON DAVIS WILL COACH SENIOR FARCE
## 
### 
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
Gordon Davis, '18, coach of several
recent productions has been selected by
the Senior Farce Committee to take
charge of their production, which will
culminate the activities of Senior Week.
Davis has been an influential mentor in
several of the productions of the col
lege year.
