# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
Storey House announces .the en
gagement of Frances Barnett, '53,
to Jerry Olmstead, Kappa Sig, '52.
