# Job Interviewers To Visit Campus
## 
### 
A representative of United Air
lines will show a film "Scotty Wins
Her Wings" today at 3:30 p.m. in
Room 121, Graduate School of Bus
iness. Questions will be answered
at the close of the picture. The
Placement Service urges all girls
interested in stewardess work to
attend.
A representative of Webb &
Webb, Certified Public Account
ants, will be at the Placement Serv
ice today to % interview men for po
sitions as junior accountants. The
company is interested in March and
June grads with an M.B.A. or A.B.
and strong accounting training.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation representatives will be
on campus tuday and tomorrow to
conduct interviews. They are in
terested in men graduating in
March and June in mechanical and
chemical engineering plus mechan
ical engineers with.an M.B.A.
