# Dr. and Mrs. Sterling Traveling in East
## 
### 
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling are in the East, on a three
week trip. Dr. Sterling will con
duct University business and will
attend a meeting of the American
Association of Universities in Chi
cago.
