# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thkue is room on the staff of the
Daily Palo Alto for more repre
sentatives from every class, espec
ially the two lower ones, in fact,
the Junior Class is the only one
that has a full representation .upon
this paper. Unless more men and
women from these classes come for
ward and compete for places, the
future editors will experience great
difliculty in tilling the vacancies
caused by the graduation of the
older members, it should be re
membered that the staff of the pa
per is voluntary, receiving no pay,
and is made up by the appoint
ment of the editor-in-chief. Every
one wishing to compete fora place
on the paper is given a fair trial,
and if found worthy, a place on the
paper. The list of those on the pa
per is subject to revision without
notice, and candidates may begin
work at any time. Class pride and
class spirit should induce the lower
classes to secure a larger represen
tation on the college daily. The
Daily Palo Alto always has a
standing invitation and a hearty
welcome for new aspirants for
honors in the Held of college jour
nalism.
Thkue is room on the staff of the
Daily Palo Alto for more repre
sentatives from every class, espec
ially the two lower ones, in fact,
the Junior Class is the only one
that has a full representation .upon
this paper. Unless more men and
women from these classes come for
ward and compete for places, the
future editors will experience great
difliculty in tilling the vacancies
caused by the graduation of the
older members, it should be re
membered that the staff of the pa
per is voluntary, receiving no pay,
and is made up by the appoint
ment of the editor-in-chief. Every
one wishing to compete fora place
on the paper is given a fair trial,
and if found worthy, a place on the
paper. The list of those on the pa
per is subject to revision without
notice, and candidates may begin
work at any time. Class pride and
class spirit should induce the lower
classes to secure a larger represen
tation on the college daily. The
Daily Palo Alto always has a
standing invitation and a hearty
welcome for new aspirants for
honors in the Held of college jour
nalism.
Thkue is room on the staff of the
Daily Palo Alto for more repre
sentatives from every class, espec
ially the two lower ones, in fact,
the Junior Class is the only one
that has a full representation .upon
this paper. Unless more men and
women from these classes come for
ward and compete for places, the
future editors will experience great
difliculty in tilling the vacancies
caused by the graduation of the
older members, it should be re
membered that the staff of the pa
per is voluntary, receiving no pay,
and is made up by the appoint
ment of the editor-in-chief. Every
one wishing to compete fora place
on the paper is given a fair trial,
and if found worthy, a place on the
paper. The list of those on the pa
per is subject to revision without
notice, and candidates may begin
work at any time. Class pride and
class spirit should induce the lower
classes to secure a larger represen
tation on the college daily. The
Daily Palo Alto always has a
standing invitation and a hearty
welcome for new aspirants for
honors in the Held of college jour
nalism.
Thkue is room on the staff of the
Daily Palo Alto for more repre
sentatives from every class, espec
ially the two lower ones, in fact,
the Junior Class is the only one
that has a full representation .upon
this paper. Unless more men and
women from these classes come for
ward and compete for places, the
future editors will experience great
difliculty in tilling the vacancies
caused by the graduation of the
older members, it should be re
membered that the staff of the pa
per is voluntary, receiving no pay,
and is made up by the appoint
ment of the editor-in-chief. Every
one wishing to compete fora place
on the paper is given a fair trial,
and if found worthy, a place on the
paper. The list of those on the pa
per is subject to revision without
notice, and candidates may begin
work at any time. Class pride and
class spirit should induce the lower
classes to secure a larger represen
tation on the college daily. The
Daily Palo Alto always has a
standing invitation and a hearty
welcome for new aspirants for
honors in the Held of college jour
nalism.
Thkue is room on the staff of the
Daily Palo Alto for more repre
sentatives from every class, espec
ially the two lower ones, in fact,
the Junior Class is the only one
that has a full representation .upon
this paper. Unless more men and
women from these classes come for
ward and compete for places, the
future editors will experience great
difliculty in tilling the vacancies
caused by the graduation of the
older members, it should be re
membered that the staff of the pa
per is voluntary, receiving no pay,
and is made up by the appoint
ment of the editor-in-chief. Every
one wishing to compete fora place
on the paper is given a fair trial,
and if found worthy, a place on the
paper. The list of those on the pa
per is subject to revision without
notice, and candidates may begin
work at any time. Class pride and
class spirit should induce the lower
classes to secure a larger represen
tation on the college daily. The
Daily Palo Alto always has a
standing invitation and a hearty
welcome for new aspirants for
honors in the Held of college jour
nalism.
