# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—President Jordan has presented
tlie Museum with two large photo
graphs of the members of the re
cent international sealing confer
ences. One is of the commissions
of the United States, Russia, ami
Japan, with the autographs of each
member; and the other of the
United States, Canadian, and Eng
lish commissioners. Both have
been placed in the natural history
room.
—President Jordan has presented
tlie Museum with two large photo
graphs of the members of the re
cent international sealing confer
ences. One is of the commissions
of the United States, Russia, ami
Japan, with the autographs of each
member; and the other of the
United States, Canadian, and Eng
lish commissioners. Both have
been placed in the natural history
room.
—President Jordan has presented
tlie Museum with two large photo
graphs of the members of the re
cent international sealing confer
ences. One is of the commissions
of the United States, Russia, ami
Japan, with the autographs of each
member; and the other of the
United States, Canadian, and Eng
lish commissioners. Both have
been placed in the natural history
room.
—President Jordan has presented
tlie Museum with two large photo
graphs of the members of the re
cent international sealing confer
ences. One is of the commissions
of the United States, Russia, ami
Japan, with the autographs of each
member; and the other of the
United States, Canadian, and Eng
lish commissioners. Both have
been placed in the natural history
room.
—President Jordan has presented
tlie Museum with two large photo
graphs of the members of the re
cent international sealing confer
ences. One is of the commissions
of the United States, Russia, ami
Japan, with the autographs of each
member; and the other of the
United States, Canadian, and Eng
lish commissioners. Both have
been placed in the natural history
room.
