# DRiVE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial as
sociation has announced a drive for
$5,000,000 to erect a university on the
outskirts of Washington. U. C. The
proposed university will be known as
the Woodrow Wilson Memorial uni
versity.
