# Tryouts for University Orchestra Set for Monday
## 
### 
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
Students who play the violin, viola, !
'cello, double bass, wood-wind instru- j
ments or brass instruments and who are !
interested in the formation of a Uni- j
versity orchestra, are asked to meet!
Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 84, i
Inner Quad. Helen E. Atkinson, one of
the first violinists with the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra, will direct
the orchestra if organized.
