# TREAT TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
Dr. Payson J. Treat of the History
department will speak on the Institute
of Pacific Relations at vesper services
at Roble Sunday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. Miss Carol Lasater will sing.
