# Zoology Club Plans Party At Searsville October 31
## 
### 
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
Plans for a Hallowe'en party, to be
given at Searsville on the evening of
October 31 were discussed at the first
meeting of the Zoology Club. All those
interested in plant or animal life are
invited to attend this party which will
leave the Women's Clubhouse at 5:30
Saturday evening.
