# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
Levi's
for
Gals.
We've got a ton of 'em.
The world s greatest
selection under one roof.
All the latest styles and
fabrics. So what are you
waiting for?
tisffc.
LL
9QPJk
4232 El Camino, P.A.
493-2121
