# Briefly
## 
### 
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
Anti-Soviet rally
Persons protesting the recent
trials of Anatoly Shcharansky,
Alexandr Ginzburg and others
will rally in front of the Soviet
consulate in San Francisco at
noon today. Stanford-area pro
testers are meeting at the Hillel
office in Old Union at 10:30 a.m.
Those needing rides or who are
able to provide transportation
should call the Hillel office at
497-1602. The consulate is lo
cated at 2790 Green St., San
Francisco.
