# Room, Board Bill Collections Begin
## 
### 
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
Collections for room and board
for students living on campus arc
payable today at the Cashier's
Ofticc at Encina. The cashier's
hours arc 9:30 to 12:30 and 1:30
to 3:30, Monday through Friday.
The deadline for room and hoard
collections is Friday, Oct. B.
