# ALPHA CHI SIGMA
## 
### 
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma will hold its first
meeting today at 4:15 in Room 3,
Chemistry Building.
