# Untitled Article
## 
### 

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto

REAL CHAMPION—Ezzard Charles, his face cut and bruised,
raises his hand in victory after winning unanimous decision
from Joe Louis. —Acme Telephoto
