# 'Alumni Review' To Hold Contest
## 
### 
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
Twenty-five dollars will be paid
for any photograph of a campus
scene submitted by a student and
accepted as a cover picture for the
Alumni Review, it was announced
today by Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector.
This year's Alumni Review covers
will feature unusual photographs of
the campus. Pictures taken by stu
dents or alumni only will be used.
