# IIR Issues Call for Workers
## 
### 
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
A call for students interested in
international relations to work on
committees of the Stanford Insti
tute of International Relations was
issued by A 1 Nichols, president, fol
lowing an executive board meeting
Thursday night.
Vacancies now exist due to grad
uation, Nichols announced, adding
that no experience is necessary for
those interested in filling the posi
tions.

Among the fields open for candi
dates are publicity, administration,
secretarial work, foreign relief,
public speaking, public relations,
education, personnel, conferences,
and regional school organizations.
Nichols said Interested students
should inquire between 3 and 5
p.m. on weekdays at the lIR shack,
located directly across from the
Geology corner.
