# ACADEMIC COUNCIL
## 
### 
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
The Academic Council will meet
today at 4:15 in the Little Theater
in Memorial Hall.
