# TENNIS
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
Sign-up sheets are posted in the
Women's Gym for the fall quarter
women's singles and doubles tennis
tournament. Players sign up as
soon as possible.
