# Dils Gives Speech On Summer Jobs
## 
### 
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
An informal talk, "How to Get
Dollars from Your Summer," was
presented yesterday by Eugene Dils
of the Stanford Placement Service,
as the first in a scries of four such
talks sponsored jointly by the
UNESCO and the YWCA, on the
general topic "Put Your Summer
to Profit."
Mr. Dills spoke to more than 50
people gathered in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. He gave
some general pointers on available
jobs, and where, when, and how to
apply for them. He then spoke spe
cifically on work at resorts, in sci
entific fields, in recreation depart
ments, in the forest rangers, and in
offices.
Shirley Hill spoke briefly on "So
You Want to Be a Counselor." In
formal question and answer periods
followed both of the talks. Refresh
ments were served at the close of
the meeting.
