# Waste Basket Fire
## 
### 
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call from a janitor on
Inner Quad last night at 6:47 and
extinguished a waste basket blaze
near President Wallace Sterling's of
fice.
