# Tickets Now on Sale For 'king's Men' Show
## 
### 
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
Tickets for the Oct. 22 concert by
the King's Men quartet are now on
sale in the Concert Series office in
the Nitery.
The well-known quartet from the
Fibber McGee and Molly radio show
will perform at a concert to raise
funds for a scholarship to be given
to a student from the Free Univer
sity of Berlin.
Tickets for the concert are priced
at $2.50, $2, $1.50, and $1.
