# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
Miss Norma Grace Keller, '11, and
Paul D. Wheatley, of Berkeley, were
recently married in Spokane, where
they will make their future home.
