# Bright Students Hindered By Repetition Says Woods
## 
### 
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY, Jan. 28â€”
"Education today Is measured incor
rectly," says Dr. Ben D. Woods, of
Columbia University, in a round-table
discussion here. "It should be meas
ured by what goes on in the mind of
the student. Poor students lower the
level and injure the good students.
"The college fails to fulfill its pri
mary purpose, which is to learn and
not to teach the student. But that I
mean to learn about him and how he
can best learn. The bright men are
hindered by monotony and repetition.
A student becomes soured against edu
cation if he has to take his subjects
for four or five years in order to get
a set grade. Grades are not a measure.
Our colleges neglect to find the stu
dents themselves."
