# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
There will be no rowing for varsity
or freshmen crews at Yale on Satur
days during the fall. Training stale
is tho explanation.
