# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is not much necessity of of
fering prizes for bleacher songs when
the majority of the Student Body do
not undertake to learn the songs after
they have been printed and distribut
ed among the students. Although the
booklets containing the new verses
have been in the hands of the prospec
tive rooters for some days, very little
evidence of them being learned has
been given thus far. The results at
the assembly were disastrous when
the songs were introduced. If a con
certed singing is to be indulged in
upon the bleachers a week from next
Saturday, better results must be ob
tained before that time. There should
be a more willing action upon the part
of the Student Body to learn the
verses and to do their share in the
work attendant upon obtaining a vic
tory.
