# Added Sum Received for Stunts.
## 
### 
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
The bleacher stunt fund has been
augmented by the sum of fifty-five dol
lars as follows: Heidelberg Inn, $25,
Thoits, $20, and the Palace Hotel, $10.
