# Notice
## 
### 
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
Application for tuition notes or for
renewal of tuition notes for women
for winter quarter should be made
December 17 or 18 from 10 to 12 a.m.
in the office of the Dean of Women.
