# Christmas Cards on Sale For Benefit of Clinics
## 
### 
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
Christmas cards will be on sale this
week for the benefit of the Stanford
clinics. The cards come in boxes of
ten for 50 cents, and there are also
collections of Christmas tags and
stickers for the same price.
