# ROTC Hearing Set
## 
### 
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
The President's Advisory
Committee on ROTC Affairs will
hold a public hearing tomorrow in
Tresidder Room 270-271 from
3:00-6 p.m. The hearing will
investigate punitive clauses in
ROTC cadet contracts. Witnesses
who responded to the earlier
request of the committee have
been invited to testify.
As a result of the Academic
Senate action last Thursday the
Committee will report by June 1,
1970. The Committee wishes to

obtain the views and opinions of
all concerned groups on the issue
of termination or retention of
ROTC and the future conduct of
any ROTC programs.
Any person who wishes to
contribute testimony on the
ROTC issues may notify the
committee of his or her desire by
submitting a summary of the
testimony to the President's
Advisory Committee on ROTC
Affairs, P.O. Box 2329, Stanford,
California, 94305.
