# DO YOUR PART
## 
### 
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
If you haven't signed one of those
All-Star ballots backing Stanford's
stars, then drop down to the Cellar
cigar counter and help out a good
cause.
