# Salvage Committee Will Save Foods
## 
### 
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
The Salvage Committee is still ini
tiating plans for conservation of
foodstuff materials in all campus
eating groups. Under the direction
of Bill Hutchinson, chairman of the
Salvage Committee, collections of
vital scrap food materials will be
made every week.
A different article of scrap will be
collected every week, according to
Hutchinson, and the first collection
will be made of fats.
