# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
HOSPITAL
Arthur Ooghe, Fred Oliver, Be
atrice Standish.
In the corridors of the Main Li
brary an exhibit of etchings of
California missions, 1769-1817, by
Gertrude Stone Brooks, is on dis
play.
