# WILLKIE ADDRESSES NEGROES
## 
### 

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.

"THE TEST OF A PEOPLE is their aim and not their color," said
Wendell L. Willkie, addressing a meeting of the National Association
for Advancement of Colored People. He is shown here chatting with
negro songstress Lena Home at the meeting.
