# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
44 Observations 99
"Those poor guys. How are they supposed to feel when they hear
those S&L ads on the radio that say, 'Severe penalties for early
withdrawal?'"
— California Rep. Barbara Boxer ai an annual congressional dinner
