# INSIDE
## 
### 
In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

In no time
Freshman Marcus Lollie has
been a quick learner for
men's basketball.
See Sports, page 8

It's about time
Former President Reagan
offers videotaped testimony
on Iran-Contra.
See World & Nation, page 3

Back in time
A frat member is fined for
behavior on a date. The
year is 1937 ...
See Diversions, page 6

