# 'At Home' Series To Close Tonight
## 
### 
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
The final "Music at Home'' record
concert for the year will be hold
tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. at the Tres
idder home, announced James
Schwabacher, conductor for the
program.
According to Mr. Schwabacher,
approximately 129 compositions by
55 composers have been presented
in the series which ends tonight.
Students and faculty are cordially
invited.
