# Fashion Show Nets $130 for Scholarship
## 
### 
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
Proceeds from (he Women's Con
ference Fashion Show las! week
netted about $150, Conference
chairman Betty Davies announced.
The show is given every year to
raise funds for the Women's Con
ference scholarship wiiijch is
awarded to an incoming freshman
woman.
Proceeds from coke sales at the
Spring Show will also be used for
the scholarship). Miss Davies
stated.
