# IIR Officer Tryouts Today
## 
### 
Interviews with candidates for the
positions of president, vice-presi
dent, secretary, and treasurer of the
Executive Council of the Institute
of International Relations continue
today from 3 to 4 p.m. in Martin
Anderson's office, Executive Coun
cil said.
Two sets of officers will be cho
sen from the candidates that apply
for interviewing. One group of of
ficers will operate during the sum
mer quarter and the other group
during the coming school year.
Anyone on campus may apply for
interview and present officers may
run for re-election. Candidates do
not have to have worked on inter
national committees before applying
for office.
The entire Executive Council will
elect officers Thursday.
The interviewing committee is
composed of Alfred Munk, Bipan
Chandra, and Cliff Nelson.
