# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
The Daily erroneously reported
yesterday the engagement of Mal
kah Wolper and David B. Schooley.
