# Eighty Quads Will Sell At Post Office Today
## 
### 
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
"Eighty Quads for 4,000 students,"
stated Marilyn Janeck, circulation
manager, when she announced that
the last 80 Quads will go on sale at
the Post Office today from 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m. She also said that this is
absolutely the last time the year
books will be sold. The price is
$5.75.
"The Quads will be ready for dis
tribution dead week," Miss Janeck
said.
