# MUSEUM ART EXHIBIT DATED FOR MARCH 9
## 
### 
The art exhibit dated for March 9
promises to be a big affair, according
to Mr. Pedro Lemos. Many interesting
and beautiful exhibits will be shown.
One section will be given over to the
Stanford Stock Farm. Beautiful pic
tures depicting horses and jockeys will
lie displayed in this section. A historical
section will also be featured. In this
will be a group of photographs of the
Stanford grounds before the ground was
broken for work, photographs of the
Stanford family and of the early busi
ness establishments.
In the painting section there will be
on display portraits of the Stanford
family.
The Stanford Camera Club and the
California Camera Club, together with
the 1 rustees and Alumni, have prom
ised to respond with facts of interest
pertaining to the university.
Another point of interest will be the
portraits of the different buildings on
the campus under various periods of
development.
This exhibit, beginning March will run
the remainder of the month.
