# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
WALSTERS
WELCOMES YOU
•
Come in and see our as
sortment of swell gifts
for the folks back home
—for Mother's Day and
for Birthdays.
Walsterfc
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Dry Goods and Apparel
