# Allen To Present Mid-Week Recital
## 
### 
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will present the mid-week
recital today at 4 p.m. in Memorial
Church.
The program will consist of the
following pieces; Easter Prelude by
Arthur Egerton; Christus resurrexit
by Ravanello; Chant du Printemsps
by Joseph Bonnet; In Paradisum by
Dubois; Toccata, on a Gregorian
theme, by Edward S. Barnes; and
some Easter chorale-preludes by J.
S. Bach. The chorale-preludes are
Christ Lay in Death's Dark Prison,
The Blessed Christ Is Risen Today,
Ere Yet the Dawn Hath Filled the
Skies, and Today God's Only Be
gotten Son Arose from Death and
Triumph Won.
Everyone is invited to attend.
