# Untitled Article
## 
### 

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.

American soldiers on Guadalcanal grin happily as they unload the
crates of food and ammunition sent from the United States. The
supplies were sent by convoy, and successfully eluded Jap bombs and
torpedoes.
