# Professors Have Returned to Farm
## 
### 
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
Professor Harold W. Bradley and
Professor George H. Knoles returned
Monday of this week from the Mis
sissippi Valley History Association
Conference held last week, April
19-23, in Des Moines, lowa.
Professor Bradley and Knoles
termed the trip "both pleasant and
very worth-while." They left Sat
urday, the 17th, for the conference.
