# UNIVERSITY MEETING
## FIRST ASSEMBLY OF STUDENTS NEXT WEDNESDAY. Acting-President Brenner Will Deliver Address to Students of University in Assembly Hall. 
### 
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
In the absence of President Jor
dan, Acting-President Branner will
address the students of the Univer
sity at the first meeting of the year,
to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11:15. Uni
versity exercises will be suspended
for the hour. E. A. Cunha, presi
dent of the Associated Students,
will also address the meeting
The faculty committee on Public
Exercises this year is composed of
Professors Newcomer, Duniway,
Farrand, Rolfe and Moreno. This
committee has decided to hold the
University assemblies on the first
Wednesday of each month at 11:15.
The new arrangement will not
prevent additional assemblies from
being held. On the other hand,
special assemblies will be held in
the event of the University being
able to procure any noted man to
speak.
