# Gymnasium Exhibition Specialties.
## 
### 
Beginning with next week, the
Gymnasium Club will meet three
times weekly for the purpose of
practicing the feats to be given in
the exhibition next month. Ar
rangements have been made to
present several specialties by men
other than members of the club.
Aside from the special perform
ances on the buck by H. W. Chap
pel, instructor in the gymnasium,
there will be a broad-swording
contest by G. D. Boalt, '04, and J.
G. Dehy, '05; and fancy club
swinging by A. M. Irwin, '07. The
Japanese students of the University
have agreed to obtain two jiu-jitsu
performers from San Francisco. It
was the original intention of the
club to have this feature of the ex
hibition given by the Japanese stu
dents, but none could be found in
the University willing to take part
in the performance.
