# Stanford Graduates Wed.
## 
### 
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
Roy O. Hadley,'o3, former editor
in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto,
|Was married on March 15th, at
jPortland, Or., to Miss Bertha Mary
Shaw of San Francisco, who was
graduated from Stanford in 1901. I
