# San Francisco Theaters.
## 
### 
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
Columbia —English grand opera.
Tivoli—"The Burgomaster."
Grand —"I O U."
Alcazar—"Alice of Old Vincen
nes."
California — "Monsieur Beau
caire."
Central —"Faust."
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Fischer's —Vaudeville.
