# Berkeley News.
## 
### 
A committee has been appointed to
confer with Stanford for the formation
of an intercollegiate athletic league.
The junior class at Herkeley hope to
have their "Hlue and Gold" ready for
sale at the Midwinter Fair by Univer
sity day, April 11.
Ln the recent debate between the rep
resentatives of the Hastings Law Col
lege and the Congress the decision
was given in favor of Hastings.
Herkeley has recently decided to in
augurate a new movement in the holding
of educational conferences during the
mouths of April and October of each
year.
The University Moating Club of
Herkeley has just received from the
east three St. Lawrence skill's, while
lour more are on their way from Port
land, Me.
A committee has been appointed to
confer with Stanford for the formation
of an intercollegiate athletic league.
The junior class at Herkeley hope to
have their "Hlue and Gold" ready for
sale at the Midwinter Fair by Univer
sity day, April 11.
Ln the recent debate between the rep
resentatives of the Hastings Law Col
lege and the Congress the decision
was given in favor of Hastings.
Herkeley has recently decided to in
augurate a new movement in the holding
of educational conferences during the
mouths of April and October of each
year.
The University Moating Club of
Herkeley has just received from the
east three St. Lawrence skill's, while
lour more are on their way from Port
land, Me.
A committee has been appointed to
confer with Stanford for the formation
of an intercollegiate athletic league.
The junior class at Herkeley hope to
have their "Hlue and Gold" ready for
sale at the Midwinter Fair by Univer
sity day, April 11.
Ln the recent debate between the rep
resentatives of the Hastings Law Col
lege and the Congress the decision
was given in favor of Hastings.
Herkeley has recently decided to in
augurate a new movement in the holding
of educational conferences during the
mouths of April and October of each
year.
The University Moating Club of
Herkeley has just received from the
east three St. Lawrence skill's, while
lour more are on their way from Port
land, Me.
