# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
THE SPACE
Who Is
Mr. Hush?
Clue: When the party's
dull and comes a lull in
the singing and conversa
tion—they'll get him to
sing and liven the throng
with his version of the
"Sunbeam" song.
•
LONCBARN
Student Discounts, 10 °o
In the main dining room
exccpt Saturday and Sunday
