# Plans Announced For Relief Drive
## 
### 
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
SIR Os 's second annual Four
Feathers Relief Drive, Nov. 8 to 13.
will be highlighted throughout the
week by various sales and social
events.
About one-fourth of the funds
collected will be allocated to uni
versities abroad for their use in
purchasing urgently needed items.
Among the services of SIRO—
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization — have been clothing
drives, compiling address files of
possible reciipents of future aid. and
furnishing names and addresses of
students in foreign countries for
those who desire "pen - friends"
overseas. It has been estimated that
since the organization's beginning
in spring quarter. 1947. about five
tons of clothes have been sent to
various people overseas, many of
whom have sent letters of thanks.
