# Dulles Criticizes Reds Before UN
## 
### 
PARIS, Oct. 26 (/P). â€”John Foster
Dulles, Republican party foreign
affairs adviser, charged today that
a general effort is under way
throughout the world to overthrow
non - Communist governments by
force, coercion, and terrorism."
Because of Communist violence,
he said, "the United Nations has
found it impossible, as yet, to re
lieve the peoples of the world from
the heavy burden of armament and
the even heavier burden of fear."
Dulles spoke before the General
Assembly's 58 - member Political
Committee as that body began gen
eral debate on the Greek question.
It was his first major speech on
over-all foreign policy.
The delegates here look upon
Dulles as the next Secretary of
State if Governor Thomas E. Dewey
is elected President. They listened
carefully as he lashed out at Com
munism.
Elsewhere in the UN, Juan Bra
muglia, Argentine foreign minister
and leader of neutral efforts to me
diate the Berlin dispute, studied
anew all angles of the situation
growing out of yesterday's Soviet
veto. He indicated he would con
tinue his efforts despite failure of
the neutrals' plan to meet Soviet
approval.
