# DAILY Sports
## Grid Briefs 
### 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oet. 2(> (/!>).
Harvard's football team will play
another rugged schedule next fall,
opening against Stanford at Palo
Alto and closing with the tradition
al game against Yale.
After the West Coast opener the
Crimson will play virtually the
same opponents that were listed for
this season. The Stanford game is
scheduled for Sept. 24.

BERKEI EY, Oct. 2<> (/P).- Cali
fornia's C!olden Bears worked on
pass defense today in preparation
for Sati rday's Coast Conference
crucial clash with USC.
Coach Lynn "Pappy" Waldorf
pointed out the Trojans have ex
cellent pas.ssing from quarterbacks
Dean Dill and Jim Powers, and said
he was designing pass defense.

SEATTLE, Oct. 2(i (/P).- Acting
Coach Reg Root is dusting off the
entire passing repertoire of the
Washington Huskies for their Sat
urday game at Palo Alto with the
Stanford Indians.
Washington's aerial attack failed
to produce last week against Cali
lornia. but the game was played on
a wet field. The Huskies, under
dogs hereabouts by one touchdown,
are hoping to capitalize on a dry
field and a dry ball at Stanford.
