# CAT'S MEOW
## 
### 
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
Residents of Manzanita House last
night found a yellow and white kit
ten prowling down the Row. The
kitten, evidently quite young, is be
ing sheltered in Manzanita until its
owner claims it.
