# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
"Vogue Air-flow"
Hamperettes
$3.95
Equally useful as a small
Bench
or
An attractive covered
waste basket
or
A small hamper
IDEAL FOR A
STUDENT'S ROOM
Size 9" x 1 2"
Height 15"
White Only
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
