# PSYCHOLOGIST TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
Attention of women throughout the
campus was directed to the talk given
on adjustments of returning service
men by Dr. Gretchen Ann Magaret
before the *Y' War Social Adjust
ments Committee last Friday. As a
