# Dramatic Society Will Read Expose
## 
### 
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
"Both Your Houses," a brutally
frank expose of Washington politics
by Maxwell Anderson, an ex-Stan
ford man, will be the first reading
presented by the new student dra
matic society tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Additions to the cast announced
last Monday are Owen Clarke as
Mark, Jack Dawson as Ebner, and
Bud Cady as Simeon Gray. The cast
will read in costume. There will be
no admission charge for the per
formance.
