# Oregon Middleweight Tries for State Title
## 
### 
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
PORTLAND, March 31 (UP). —
Portland's middleweight contender
for the state championship, Leo
Turner, today posted a forfeit to
make 160 pounds by April 15. Tur
ner will meet Tony Kahut, Oregon
champion, at Salem on that date.
