# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
SWEATERS
Sloppy Joe's
cardigans
and
Sloppy Sue's
slipovers
In a variety of weaves
Including the ever
popular Mibby
$3.95 to $9.95
Watermelon
Aqua
Ice Blue
Fuchsia
Wheat
American Beauty
and many other attractive
colors
Walsterfe
355 University
Palo Alto 41 14
