# Boyer Featured In Sunday Show
## 
### MARIAN MORROW 
Guaranteed lo be of great interest
to every Stanford student is "Back
Street," starring Charles Boyer and
Margaret Sullivan, which is being
featured by the Shaughnessy Shows
this Sunday evening at 7:30 in the
Memorial Theater.
For intellectual entertainment 'tis
said it cannot be surpassed. In short,
it tells the subtle story of a man
(Boyer) who is married (we don't
care about to whom) but who is
really in love with another woman
(Sullivan â€” we like- her) who has
been following him around for years.

She's still following him when the
| picture ends.
It's the kind of a picture Stanford
loves, so said an unknown source.
And just to make sure you get
your 20 cents worth there will also
be the seventh and eighth chapters
of "Fighting with Kit Carson."
