# Leadership Group Invites Seniors
## 
### 
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
Two seniors from each living group
have been invited to attend the "Y"
leadership group meeting to be held
this evening in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m.
Three former Stanford women,
recently graduated, will speak to the
group on the job and housing situa
tion in San Francisco. The meeting
has been planned principally tot
senior women contemplating em
ployment after graduation and the
talks have been prepared with that
in mind.
Speakers will be Peggy Boot he,
former ASSU vice-president and
Daily managing editor, who now
works with the Red Cross; Marge
Schlichtmann, employed in
nel work, and Jane Sudekum, for
mer Daily staff member, now a re
porter for the San Francisco News.
After-dinner coffee will be served
to all, according to Nancy Penny
cook, group chairman. Carol liur
witz is in charge of the meeting.
