# Nestoria Will Give Annual Banquet.
## 
### 
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
Forensic activities for Nestoria de
bating society will close tonight with
a banquet at the Theta Delta Chi
house. Speeches by the members and
toasts by the guests will be the order
of the program.
