# Editorial
## Fix safety problems 
### 
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
Public has right to
know of safety flaws

THE UNIVERSITY'S
investigation into
campus health and
safety problems was com
pleted last week, and now
Stanford must act swiftly
and surely to correct the
problems it has revealed.
While the substance of the
report criticized the Univer
sity for waste and misman
agement as opposed to "im
mediate danger," these
longer term problems can
pose as great a danger to
workers and to the commu
nity as do the more visible
safety threats.
The University should be
applauded for its prompt, ac
tion in alleviating immedi
ate dangers on campus after
SRI International called for
these changes in an inde
pendent investigation last
March. But now it must do
the same with the manage
ment problems that plague
the administration's efforts
to maintain a clean and safe
environment on campus.
First and foremost, the
Provost's Office must give
greater priority to the
Health and Safety Depart
ment in the design and con
struction of buildings. This
may cost more in the short
run, but will ensure a safer
working environment, and
will reduce long run costs

associated with renovations
and worker compensation.
The report by SRI criti
cized the University for "in
sufficient leadership" that
obstructed health and safety
concerns. The internal
report confirms these sys
temic problems which must
be acted upon swiftly.
With over 1,000 research
ers and the use of 2,000 to
3,000 different kinds of
hazardous materials, the ut
most safety precautions are
essential, and compromise
under pressure should not
be tolerated.
Furthermore, to keep the
public abreast of develop
ments which are of great
concern to them, the 14 rec
ommendations made by the
internal investigation
should be made public im
mediately.
With indications of past
cover-ups, intimidation and
administrative incompe
tence, the University must
demonstrate how it has
changed by willingly releas
ing information to the com
munity.
Silence is a good strategy
when one is concerned with
public relations, but not
when it comes to public
safety. Not only would a
more open policy inform a
concerned public which may
have valuable input, but it
would also inform those who
may have been unknowingly
exposed to a hazard.
