# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
BASKETBALL PLAYOFFS
Pavilion
6:30 —Soto 2 vs. Law School I
7:30 —English vs. Theia Chi I
8:30 —101 Capitan I vs. Dell I
9:30 —Fremont II vs. Phi Belt I
No basketball will be played
Saturday morning. Playoffs will
resume Monday with the quarter
finals.
Softball officials are still need
ed. Those interested contact In
'ramural Director Elwyn Bugge
it Encina Gym.
