# MANAGERS NEEDED
## 
### 
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
V a r si t y football managers
are needed for spring practice
sessions and next season. Stu
dents interested in managing
should contact senior manager
Jerry Otchis, 744 Stern Hull.
