# SIX OREGON MEN GIVEN SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### Pacific Intercollegiate News Service 
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
Oregon Agricultural College, Cor
vallis, October 4. —College candidates
for Rhodes scholar to be selected by
the state committee this year have
been announced by the registrar's of
fiice. They are: Linus Pauling of
Portland, senior in chemical engi
neering; Paul Emmett of Portland,
senior in chemical engineering; Or
lando Romig of Silver Lake, senior in
chemical engineering; Paul Scea of
Milton, who took the highest scholar
ship honors as a graduate in com
merce in June, and Bernard Main
waring, former editor of the O. A. C.
Barometer, and now editor of the Her
miston Herald.
