# PANHELLENIC ORDERS STRICT OBSERVANCE OF RUSHING RULES
## 
### 
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
Rushing rules are to be strictly ob
served during conference week, was
the announcement sent out by the rep
resentatives from each sorority house
to Panhellenic Association, which met
in the Women's Clubhouse yesterday
afternoon. Only momentary greetings
and the answering of important ques
tions are allowed between rushees and
fraternity women until formal rushing
begins on Saturday. Special mention
was made of the fact that no rushing
is to be done at the Women's Confer
ence party which will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse this evening.
Panhellenic has mailed rushing rules
to every woman registering for the
first time and to each sorority house
so that there is 110 reason for any
woman not knowing them. If by any
chance any woman student has 110
copy she is urged to secure one by
calling Anna Judge, President of Pan
hellenic, at the Kappa Kappa Gamma
house. Sorority and non-sorority wo
men who are transfered from other
universities are bound by the same
rules.
Another date has been allowed by
Panhallenic in tlit formal rushing sea
son for Sunday, October 9, A dinner
date may be secured 011 this day last
ing from 6 to 8 o'clock.
