# Brandsten Calls Meeting To Sleet Swimming Head
## 
### 
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
Coach Brandsten lias called a meeting
of both varsity and freshman swimmers
on Thursday at 4:30 p. m., to elect cap
tains and to decide when to hold the
inter-class meet.
