# NESTORIA SOCIETY TO HOLD FIRST MEETING
## 
### 
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
J. G. Emerson, succcssor to Miller
McClintock, of the Public Speaking Di
vision of the English Department, will
be introduced to the Stanford public to
morrow evening by Nestoria Debating
Society at its opening meeting of the
quarter. The society meets Wednesday
evenings at 7 :30 in Room 12, Law Build
ing. Everyone interested in debating,
whether intending to become a Nestor
ian or not, is urged to take advantage
of this opportunity to become acquainted
with Mr. Emerson.
