# Executive Committee Meets.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met last night. C.W.
Hatton, '03, manager of the Band
since December, offered a report of
Band affairs since that time. The
report was accepted. C. H. Baker,
'04, presented a constitution for the
Stanford Tennis Club. 11. J. Ed
wards, '01, C. K. Studley, '03, and
J. G. Dehy, '03, were appointed as
a committee to examine the consti
tution and report at the next meet
ing.
