# Two Volleyball Sanies Scheduled
## 
### 
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
There will only be two games of
the women's intramural volleyball
tournament this week because of
Thanksgiving vacation, announced
Maiya Teague, publicity chairman
for intramurals.
Monday's schedule is: Oaks vs.
Bumble Bees, Roble 3B vs. Ever
Ready, and Eucalypto Yo-Yo vs.
Roble Wrecks. These games will be
played in the Women's Gymnasium
at 5 p.m.
