# Co. A Gives Skitnight; Staff Officers Invited
## 
### 
By Pfc. George Lobbenberg, Co. I
Colonel John R. Eden, Major S.
W. Snyder, First Lieut. James A.
Klein, together with other staff
officers will be guests of honor at
Co. A's "Skitnight" in the Little
Theater tonight.
Under the general heading of
'SNAFU," which means 'Situation
normal, all fouled up," Producer-
Directors Pvt. Gene May and Pvt.
Malcolm Yarborough have been
concocting a neat little show. Jazz
will be provided by a 10-piece
band, with music arranged and
conducted by Pvt. Bill Downey.
Headliners of the cast will be
Pvts. Dean Arnold and Willie T.
Ashe, with Pvt. Bob Bien acting as
M.C. Although tonight's presen
tation is only for Co. A and its
guests of honor, the sliow may be
repeated for both G.I. and civilian
students at a later date, following
the "G.I. Gaieties."
