# Sandburg Talk Plans Drafted
## Noted Poet Will Speak Here Next Month 
### 
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
Plans for Carl Sandburg's lecture
here on February 17, as the first
Lecture Series program, were draft
ed at a meeting of the recently
organized Student Public Exercises
Committee last night in the Nitery.
"Mr. Sandburg's lecture," Beth
Allen, chairman of the committee,
announced, "will be featured by his
reading of poetry and singing of
American folk songs."
The author of "American Song
Bag," "Smoke and Steel" and a
biography of Abraham Lincoln, Mr.
Sandburg's most recent work is "We
the People," a volume of poetry
dealing with the contemporary
American scene.
A. S.S.U.-Sponsored
Tickets for Mr. Sandburg's lec
ture, costing 50 cents for students
and 75 cents for outsiders, will
probably be placed on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office and at Keeble's, Palo
Alto, on February 10, it was decided
last night.
Sponsored and financed by the
A.S.S.U., and receiving Ex Com
mittee authorization at its meeting
last week, Mr. Sandburg's lecture
will be presented as an experiment
to determine student opinion on the
establishment of a permanent Lec
ture Series," Miss Allen explained.
Plans for Future
A permanent Lecture Series, if
established, would probably operate
in conjunction with Concert Series,
with the hope of presenting four
outstanding speakers during the
school year, she indicated.
Other members of the student
committee, which also has the pur
pose of co-opcrating with the Uni
versity Committee on Public Exer
cises in determining University
policy towards outside speakers at
on campus meetings, are Esther Ber
ry, Patsy Henrjcks, Bill Millis, and
Walt Stoessel.
