# Skiers Plan Trip Next Week-End
## 
### 
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
Ski Club plans for a trip to Rain
bow Inn at Soda Springs have been
changed to include the week-end of
January 28, 29, and 30, if 40 people
will sign up.
The entire Rainbow Inn with ac
commodations for 70 people has been
taken. The club plans to charter a
Greyhound bus and there will be a
special rate of $13.75 for the round
trip. The bus will leave Friday
afternoon and return Sunday night.
The cost of the entire week-end—
room, board, and ski instruction—
will be only $10. Anyone interested
must make reservations with the
deposit of $5 at the A.S.S.U. office
immediately.
A survey taken among 220 co-eds
at Oregon State College showed that
students with an average above "C"
spent less time studying and more
time relaxing than the majority of
those receiving lower grades.
