# Diamond Stars To Seek Golf Title
## 
### 
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 20 (UP).—
More than a score of baseball's
leading figures, led by Dizzy Dean
who bet on himself at 1 to 20, be
gan qualifying rounds today for the
annual baseball players golf tour
nament.
They were seeking the title won
last year by Sam Byrd, one time
Cincinnati Reds outfielder who is
now a golf pro. Favorites were the
Pittsburgh Pirate Waner brothers,
Paul and Lloyd, Wesley Ferrell of
the Washington Senators and Dean.
