# THETA XI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Jack Dixon, '40,
John Bullis, '40 and Kenneth Ey
mann, '39 to Theta Xi.
