# CHINESE ENVOY LEAVES
## 
### 
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
TOKYO, Jan. 20 (UP).—Hsu Shih-
Ying, Chinese ambassador to the
Japanese Imperial Government, left
for home today with members of his
staff as the result of Japan's new
policy of non-recognition of the
Chinese government.
