# Home Town To See Joe Defend Title
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
DETROIT, Jan. 20 (UP). — Joe
Louis, Detroit's brown bomber, will
defend his heavyweight crown in his
home town next June against Max
Schmeling unless Joe Jacobs, New
York promoter who has the German
under contract, rejects the deal.
Frank MacDowell, chairman of the
Michigan State Boxing Commission,
confirmed reports that arrangements
for the fight were virtually com
pleted.
Preliminary negotiations call for
use of Briggs Stadium, home of the
Tigers baseball club. The seating
capacity is being boosted to ap
proximately 85,000.
If Louis fights here, it will be the
first time since he broke into the
big money that he will have ap
peared before a home town crowd.
Louis at present is training for a
15-round fight with Nathan Mann
of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 13. He
will be risking the crown he took
from Jim Braddock in Chicago with
an eight-round knockout last June.
