# Federal Prisoner Returned To Reno
## 
### 
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
RENO, Nev. Jan. 20 (UP). —James
Greene, 25, who escaped the Las
Vegas, Nev., jail in December while
awaiting action of the federal grand
jury on a Dyer Act charge, was re
turned to Reno today following his
captur in Boise, Ida.
Idaho officers had watched for
Greene on the theory he would re
turn to his Boise home. He will be
in jail here pending action on the
federal charge.
