# Oriental Plot To Bomb Liner Fails
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
SEATTLE. Jan. 20 (UP).—Police
tonight believed an oriental plot to
blow up the Japanese liner Hiye
Maru, docked here, was frustrated
when a time-clock bomb became
watersoaked and failed to explode.
The Great Northern dock at Smith
Cove was cleared of persons and
the Hiye Maru moved from the .dock
this afternoon after George Part
ridge, 22, Vancouver, 8.C., laborer,
told officers of the scheme. Police
searched frantically for two hours
but could not find the bomb.
Partridge was arrested early this
morning by a watchman who dis
covered him under the Great North
ern dock. Police questioned the
youth intensively after the body of a
man identified as Ralph Forsythe
was found floating near the Hiye
Maru.
Partridge admitted he knew For
sythe. He said he met him in Van
couver several days ago and that
Forsyth offered him $1000 to help
destroy the Hiye Maru. An Oriental
agency was behind the plot, Part
ridge said, but he did not know its
identity.
