# Dixie Howell Free In Accident Case
## 
### 
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 20 (UP).
Millard (Dixie) Howell, former Uni
versity of Alabama grid star, pre
pared to leave Santa Barbara to
night cleared in connection with an
automobile accident which injured
another man.
Deputy District Attorney David
Licker said no criminal charges will
be filed against Howell as there was
no evidence of criminal negligence
in connection with the crash be
tween his car and that of Lowell
Enyart, Santa Maria, who was in
jured. ,
Howell planned to drive with Mrs.
Howell to Arizona to apply for the
coaching job at the University of
Arizona in ease Tex Oliver, the pres
ent Arizona coach, is called to the
University of Oregon. Then the
Howells will proceed to Alabama.
