# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
Nothing astonishes men so
much as common sense and
plain dealing.—Ralph Waldo
Emerson.
