# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
Illinois fraternities will no longer
be allowed to serve "drinks for the
alumni" stronger than coffee.
