# New Students to Take Examination.
## 
### 
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
The entrance examination in English
composition, required of all entering
students will be held next Saturday
morning at !) o'clock, in .room 214.
Those who fail in this test will be
obliged to take English, while those
who pass will be eligible for English
2.
