# SIGN UP
## 
### 
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
The semi-annual rally will be held in
Encina Club room tonight. A chance
will be given students to sign up for
some branch of sport. This is an op
portunity which only comes once a se
mester, and no one should fail to take
advantage of it.
Scarcely is there a place in the en
tire country with more advantages for
indulging in out-of-door sports the
year around than right here on the
farm. We are possessors of one of the
finest athletic equipments it is pos
sible to obtain. No expense is spared
by the Student Body to make the equip
ment at Stanford the best. During
the recent recess an auxiliary dia
mond was added to the baseball fa
cilities; the track has been improved
materially and the crew equipment has
been perfected. A diversity of inter
collegiate sports is offered this se
mester. The list includes track, base
ball, crew, basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf.
Competition is the essence of suc

cess. The greater the number of men
that sign up tonight the surer we will
be of turning out winning teams this
spring. Teams are only developed and
perfected when the second and third
string men make the first string men
work harder for their positions. It is
better to be a man in the lowest di
vision and to have tried than not to
have tried at all. Be 011 hand tonight
to sign up for that branch of sport
for which you are best fitted. Give
more than moral support, give mate
rial support.
