# Professor Gray Is Now in Now York.
## 
### 
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
Assistant Professor Henry David
Gray, of the English Department, is
now in New York City on sabbatical
leave of absence. He is engaged in
research work at Columbia Universi
ty. along the line of the Drama and
Shakespeare.
Professor Gray will return for the
opening of (bo fall semester.
