# Organ Recital Is Announced.
## 
### 
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
Organist Eaton announces the fol
lowing numbers for the Organ Recital
in the Memorial Church, tomorrow at
4:30:
Schumann Traumerei
Handel Largo
Arcadelt Ave Maria
Wagner Evening Star
Ouilmant ....Prayer and Cradle Song
