# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
A course in seamanship may be in
troduced into several colleges and
universities of the Middle West by
the U. S. government. Already there
are approximately 22,000 men at the
United States Training Station at
Great Lakes, Illinois, and it is esti
mated that the needs of the navy will
require the services of over 100.000
trained seamen.
