# War Information
## 
### 
Walter J. Gores, art editor of the
Quad, and president of Encina Club
last year, gives a vivid account of
the work of the American Hospital
Unit which went to France last year
from Stanford, in a letter written to
a friend of his in Los Angeles. The
battle described by First Sergeant
Gores is that which gave the French
control of the C'hemins de Dames in
the latter part of last October.
Writing of it Sergeant Gores says:
"I have been having some great
experiences. You will have read of
the big French attack at the Chemin
de Dames, in the Aisne, which re
sulted in such a splendid victory for
the French. This being a past mili
tary action, I think I can tell you of
our part without fear of the censors.
"We had been working on this front
in the Forte de Malmaison sector for
over a month with our division in
preparation for th eattack, and took
a very important part in the evacua
tion of the wounded during the pre
liminary period, and more especially
during the attack. The work was
strenuous, mentally and physically.
.. . over three thousand artillery
pieces used in the attack, more than
in the attack at Verdun, and in the
daytime the air was filled with air
planes to keep the Germans from
locating the position of our batteries.
During the preliminary artillery ac
tion our cars carricd a great number
of gassed victime from the frequent
German gas-shell bombarding. Con
stant cannonading made it necessary
to keep one's mouth open in order not
to have one's ear-drums injured by
the terrific concussions.
"It was late that night when we re
turned and I had learned that our
boys were going "over the top" at
5:25 the next morningâ€”the crucial
moment for which we had been wait
ing so long . . .
"At 5:45 I got up to awaken the
fellows (for they slept right through
the noise, being used to it) . . .
"Already the first 'blessees legeres'
(slightly wounded) were beginning to
straggle down from the trenches.
They were slightly wounded only in
a sense that they were barely able to
keep on their feet . . .
"Between 7:30 that morning and 11
that night our ambulances never stop
ped . . . transported over one thous
and wounded, nearly all 'couches'
(stretcher cases) a distance of ten
miles to the evacuation hospital.
Just previous to the attack Germans
had dropped notes that they would
shell the hospital if it were not re
moved because of the proximity of a
munitions depot. As a comeback the
site of the hospital was turned into
a prison camp.
"Winter has set in here and I can
tell you it certainly isn't like south
ern California, but one gets used to
it somehow, though."
