# DR. HEATH TO LECTURE TO ZOOLOGICAL CLUB
## 
### 
Zoology Club has resumed its ac
tivities for the quarter under the
leadership of Miss Edith Patterson,
who announced yesterday that the
club would hold its first meeting of
the quarter at 8 o'clock next Wednes
day evening, at the Sigma Kappa
house.
An interesting program has been
assured in obtaining Dr. Harold H.
Heath as the speaker of the evening.
Dr. Heath will give an account of
some of his experiences In the
whaling stations of Alaska. He has
spent many eventful years in north
ern regions, familiarizing himself
with the whaling industry, and will
undoubtedly furnish an entertaining
as well as instructive lecture.
Owing to the fact that President A.
W. Warnock, '18, is absent from the
University this quarter, the Zoology
Club will be headed by Vice-President
Edith Patterson, '19, until a new in
stallation of officers takes place.
