# EGG MEN APPEAL TO COUNCIL OF DEFENSE
## 
### 
Herbert C. Hoover yesterday re
ceived a telegram from A. H. Naftz
ger, vice-chairman of the State Coun
cil of Defense, that the poultry busi
ness in California virtually will be

destroyed unless the food administra
tion acts at once to fix the price of
grains used as feed or to establish a
minimum price for eggs. Poultrymen
have data showing that they lose S6
cents a year on each hen. Their
figures show the yearly cost of keep
ing a hen is $4.36, the average pro
duction is ten dozen eggs a year, the

average price received by poultrymen
is 35 cents a dozen. Since wheat
products are the principal poultry
feed, and wheat prices have been
fixed by the government, the result
ing financial losses are forcing many
poultrymen to quit the business, ac
cording to the findings of the State
Defense Council.

An open meeting of Junipero Serra
Club has been called for Tuesday
noon at 12:45, in the Women's Club
House. This is the first meeting of
the winter quarter, and all former
members as well as any new Catholic
students are urged to attend. Plans
for the coming season will be dis
cussed.
