# New Gym Class
## 
### 
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
E. R. Knolll.il, instructor of the
Physical Training department, ho
arranged a class for prospective in
structors. Those desiring to take i
should register under Group IV. In
taking this course one fulfills tlit
physical training requirement for
underclassmen, and at the same timt
receives University credit. There arc
three laboratory periods in the gym
nasium and one lecture on Fridays,
followed by one of the laboratory
periods. Time for the others may be j
arranged. Two units of credit are
given.
