# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
UDomas
Jemporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
FRENCH FILM
SERIES
TONIGHT
THE LACEMAKER
GLORETTA
with
ISABELLE HUPPERT
Bishop Auditorium
English Subtitles
7:30 pm
Rcrals
The Shoe Store
500 University Ave.
Downtown Palo Alto
FRYE,
57 1 00
