# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
A.S.S.U.
concert series
TONIGHT
I
m
ELIZABETH
RETHBERC
Soprano
Pavilion 8:20 P.M.
Tickcts 8100 to $2.50
Concert < >fTic«". Old Union
or
Box Office
