# NORRIS RESOLUTION DEADLOCK UNBROKEN
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 3. W) —
Senate conferees flatly refused to
day to rcccdc from the Norris reso
lution for government operation of
Muscle Shoals and left to the House
the next step in breaking the dead
lock which grips this legislation.
They suggested that the House
conferees report a deadlock and ask
instructions which would clear the
way for a vote on the plan.
