# Westinghouse Co. Interviews Today
## 
### 
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
Representatives of the Westing
house Electric Corporation will be
on campus today, according to the
Appointment Service, to address
group meeting of all interested men
at 4 p.m. in room 2G4, School of En
gineering. Individual interviews will
be held all day Friday.
The company desires applications
from men who are completing work
in mechanical and electrical engi
neering, and also, but in limited
numbers, from men graduating in
industrial and chemical engineer
ing, chemistry, physics, and metal
lurgy.
Students interested in the Wes
tinghouse program are asked to at
tend today's meeting, where they
may obtain further information and
make application for Friday's per
sonal interviews at the Appointment
Service, room IGG, Administration
Building.
