# Union Unit Elects Officers Tomorrow
## 
### 
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
Union Unit will elect its officers
for fall quarter tomorrow from 7:15
a.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the lobby of
Union Residence.
Candidates for president are Car
ol Bull of Madrono and Alison Dicc
of Union. Joan Eck of Manzanita,
Joanne Lucas and Jane Vinson o)
Union are running for vice-presi
dent.
Nominees for chairman of the
Committee of Eight are Carol Sla
ter of the Oaks, Mary Lou Andre
atta of Mariposa, and Anne Heraty
of Union.
The elected officers will be an
nounced at dinner tomorrow night.
