# Turkish Students To Give Banquet
## 
### 
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
The menu for the international
banquet being sponsored Sunday at
6 p.m. at the Faculty Clubhouse by
the Turkish Students' Association
and the"I" Club has been an
nounced by Ismail Guralp, head
chef for the dinner.
Stanford's Turkish students will
cook and serve the three - course
dinner, which will feature native
Turkish food.
The menu consists of dugun cor
basi—which American will recog
nize as soup—baked lamb or kuzu
kizartmasi, pilav, and dessert.
The international banquet, which
is open to International Club mem
bers, Turkish students, and other
Stanford students who can get res
ervations, will end the three-day
Conference on International Rela
tions this weekend.
Students who plan to attend the
banquet must phone their reserva
tions to Jean Cohn at Lagunita by
Thursday.
