# Conference Board Discusses Women's Leadership Program
## 
### 
The Advisory Board of Women's
Conference met yesterday to dis
cuss the approved women's leader
ship program presented by Sally
Woodard, according to Betty Davies,
chairman.
Women's Conference will sponsor
this general leadership program for
women, which consists of three
parts.
The first part of the program will
be a meeting of all newly elected

women and will include speeches on
subjects vital to student leaders.
The speeches will be 20 minutes
long, with a 10-minute question pe
riod.
BARTKY TO SPEAK
Dr. Bartky, dean of the School
of Education, will give the first
speech, next Wednesday at 7:15
p.m., in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. He will speak
on "Techniques of Group Leader
ship."
