# Books in Railroad Problems.
## 
### 
Prof, Ross's class in Railroad Prol
lems have contributed $1.25 each to a
fund which will go towards purchasing
several texts for the use of the mem
bers of that class. The works will be
placed in the library and members who
have contributed to the fund arc not
required to have any personal text
books. The looks ordered are: 11 ad
ley's "Railway Transportation," Stick
ney's, ** Theliailroad Prob'em," Mr.
Carin's "Compendium of Transporta
tion." There will be several copies
of each work purchased.
Prof, Ross's class in Railroad Prol
lems have contributed $1.25 each to a
fund which will go towards purchasing
several texts for the use of the mem
bers of that class. The works will be
placed in the library and members who
have contributed to the fund arc not
required to have any personal text
books. The looks ordered are: 11 ad
ley's "Railway Transportation," Stick
ney's, ** Theliailroad Prob'em," Mr.
Carin's "Compendium of Transporta
tion." There will be several copies
of each work purchased.
Prof, Ross's class in Railroad Prol
lems have contributed $1.25 each to a
fund which will go towards purchasing
several texts for the use of the mem
bers of that class. The works will be
placed in the library and members who
have contributed to the fund arc not
required to have any personal text
books. The looks ordered are: 11 ad
ley's "Railway Transportation," Stick
ney's, ** Theliailroad Prob'em," Mr.
Carin's "Compendium of Transporta
tion." There will be several copies
of each work purchased.
Prof, Ross's class in Railroad Prol
lems have contributed $1.25 each to a
fund which will go towards purchasing
several texts for the use of the mem
bers of that class. The works will be
placed in the library and members who
have contributed to the fund arc not
required to have any personal text
books. The looks ordered are: 11 ad
ley's "Railway Transportation," Stick
ney's, ** Theliailroad Prob'em," Mr.
Carin's "Compendium of Transporta
tion." There will be several copies
of each work purchased.
