# Reagan, Duarte meet in D.C.
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
WASHINGTON — El Sal
vador's President Jose Napoleon
Duarte, emotionally kissing an
American flag to show his grati
tude for U.S. aid, told President
Reagan yesterday that Nic
aragua's Marxist government
must negotiate with its contra op
ponents if there is to be peace
and freedom in Central America.
Duarte, a signatory of the five
nation Central American peace
agreement, cited as a model for
Nicaragua the talks about politi
cal amnesty and cease-fires that
began last week between his gov
ernment and leftist Salvadoran
guerrillas.
Secretary of State George
Shultz said afterward that
Duarte, in his talks at the White
House, told Reagan that "in the
cause of peace" he was willing to

grant amnesty even to those in
surgents who planned and took
part in the 1985 kidnapping of his
daughter, Ines Guadalupe.
Earlier, when he arrived at the
White House to begin a state
visit, Duarte agreed that Reagan
has reason to be cautious about
whether Nicaragua, which has
refused to deal with the Un
supported contras, can be trusted
to carry out the peace agree
ment's provisions for
democratization, amnesty and
cease-fires.
"I am convinced that there
cannot be peace in Central
America without freedom and
democracy which, in turn, will
only be attained through compre
hensive dialogue and negotiated
cease-fires," he said. "I also in
sist that each Central American

president has the responsibility
to comply fully within its own
country with all the obligations
contracted, and that no govern
ment be permitted to take only
cosmetic or half-measures. . .
Duarte, who has been heavily
dependent on U.S. military and
financial aid during his three
years as president, concluded his
remarks by saying:
"Now, President Reagan, let
me break protocol. I have seen in
my life many times in which
people, with hate in their hearts,
nave put fire to the American
flag. This time, permit me to go
to your flag and, in the name of
my people, to give it a kiss."
He then embraced Reagan and
walked briskly across the White

House South Lawn to grasp and
kiss a fluttering stars and stripes.
A senior U.S. official, asking
anonymity, said Duarte later told
Reagan he expected "a good deal
of criticism, especially from the
communists, for the gesture. But
he wanted to do it as an expres
sion of gratitude to the United
States."
Duarte, who is to speak to an
unofficial meeting of both
Houses of Congress today, came
here a month after Costa Rican
President Oscar Arias, the prin
cipal author of the peace plan
signed in Guatemala last Aug 7.
Arias used a similar session with
Congress to voice opposition to
the administration's plan to ask
Congress for $270 million in new
contra military aid.
Los Angeles Times
