# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
The presentation of a Junior Plug'
Ugly extravaganza is a custom that
is established and is so with reason.
It is undoubtedly one that the lTni
versity as a whole desires to see per
petuated. For this reason the whole
student body may properly be called
upon for manuscripts for such a
production, ft is true that the class
in question is responsible for the pro
duction. but this fact should in no
way deter prospective Plug Ugly ;
authors from following out their I
ideas, for it should be remembered
that the Plug Ugly is an affair of
every Junior class and therefore a '
University affair. Any persons who j
•are inclined to write manuscripts for
the Junior extravaganza should by all
means submit their work. Good com-1
peusatiou awaits tlie successful com
petitors and it is only by trying to
have the annual celebrations of cus
toms as good as they can be madej
that the customs can be kept alive.
