# Now Geology Members Delivers Talks.
## 
### 
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
O. P. Jenkins, '13, and F. B. Forbes,
13, read papers before last evening's
meeting of the Geology and Mining
Society. The gathering was held at the
new eating clubs.
