# CAMPUS LIFE
## New Web site promotes healthy living Wellness Web site brings together social networking and fitness 
### ERIC MESSINGER 
Yesterday marked the official kick-off of the Be-
Well@Stanford initiative, a program designed to bring
together campus fitness outreach under one umbrella
and "create a culture of wellness for the Stanford
community."
Central to the plan is the Be Well Web site â€” be
well.stanford.edu. The site applies the techniques of
social networking to wellness and fitness. Similar to
popular sites like Facebook and You Tube, users can
share stories and comments, create groups and post
news or videos.
"1 think it will be a good place for people to try new
things and connect with people who are at the same
stage as them," said Susi Smith '08, the Peer Health
Educator (PHE) in Toyon."The cooperative element
is great."
The site launched with an established 200-person
user base of beta testers, who have so far provided ad
vice on diverse topics including healthy weight loss,
salsa instruction and the best time to eat vegetables.
"This is a huge milestone," said Senior Associate
Athletic Director Eric Stein, who oversaw the devel
opment of the program with Jennifer Sexton, coordi-
