# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
Be Sure
If you are looking for
the more Rugged
Man's attire, we con
tinue to be campus
headquarters for
cords and moleskins
$5 per pair
And we fit any size
Kooa Btoa
j ENCINA SHOP
J Frank Alustiza, '.'Hi
Carl Srhotl. '37
