# PLEDGING ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Braun, '40, and Nat
Brown, '40.
