# Coester Invited To History Meet
## 
### 
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
Professor Alfred Coester, of the
Romanic languages department, has
received an invitation to attend the
Second International Congress of
American History in his own right as
a corresponding member of ihe Jun
ta de Historia y Numismatica Ameri
cana.
This organization is making ar
rangements for the congress to be
held in Buenos Aires in July of this
year as part of the celebration of the
Fourth Centenary of the founding of
Buenos Aires. The official commis
sion in charge of the celebration is
sponsoring the Congress. The presi
dent of the Argentine Republic, Gen
eral Agustin P. Justo and Dr. Carlos
Saavedra Lamas, minister of foreign
relations, are members of the hon
orary commission.
Professor Coester has just returned
to the campus after an extended tour
in Yucatan studying the Maya ruins
at Chichcn Itza and Uxmal.
