# Adv. 44 Page 13
## 
### 
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
The Daily is looking for five hard
nosed columnists to write once a
week. Drop off sample columns (no
more than 700 words) at the Daily
office by 5 p.m.
*
a
