# ROBLE CLUB FORMED.
## Constitution Adopted for Organization Similiar to That in Encina. 
### 
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
Monday evening the Roble girls
met in Roble parlor and completed
the organization of a club whose
lines are very similiar to those of
Encina Club. The club is the
outgrowth of a need for harmonious
relations among the residents of
the Hall. The interests of all are
to be considered, and to this end
the girls as a whole are represented
by directors chosen along class
lines, while the formal nominating
committee is made up of nine girls
who live it) different parts of the
Hall. A constitution was adopted
which closely approaches that of
Encina Club. Under the new con
stitution a nominating committee
was chosen and dues of one dollar
each semester voted. The policy
of the club in regard to keeping up
the music-rooms, library and re
ception hall was outlined before
adjournment.
