# Labor Unrest:
## 
### 
Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

Bon Appetit management to cut
costs by laying off workers and
temporarily closing Coffee House
News/3

