# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI !
\ND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
'00 Yards South of Dinah's
®
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
.
Sanitary cabinc with gas,
running water, heat: at
daily, weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
