# INDUSTRIAL LEADER TO GIVE TALKS ON LABOR
## 
### 
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
Paul Blanshard, executive secre
tary of the League for . Industrial
Democracy, will speak at 1 o'clock
tomorrow in the lobby of the Old
Union. He will discuss the problems
of settling labor disputes, promoting
better understanding between the
employer and laborer, and the labor
union.
In Professor Boggs' 9 o'clock class
in Labor Problems, he will speak on
"Why a New Political Party?" The
talks are being sponsored by the
Walrus Club and the Stanford Chris
tian Association.
