# FROSH CHESS SQUAD TRYOUTS TO BE HELD
## 
### 
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
Further tryouts for the freshman
chess squad will be held tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. Tryoutees were unable to
finish all seven matches last Thurs
day night because of lack of time.
There is still a chance for more
freshmen to enter the competition,
according to Norman Sawyer, presi
dent of the Cardinal Chess Club.
Ten men will be selected to form a
team, and the seven highest ranking
players will meet the University of
California yearling ivory-pushers in
Berkeley Friday night, February 13.
