# Campus Opinion
## FAIL ALL CHEATERS 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
The Editor, Sir:
Our "honor code' is not based on
honor; it is based on a false con
ception of honor—a stuclent proctor
system. This student proctor system
is prevented from working success
fully by the very thing supposed to
make it operative—fear—of public
opinion.
There are, self-evidently, only two
ways to get rid of cheating: get rid
of the cheaters, or provide a stronger
motive not to cheat. The first we
can never be rid of as long as there

is any reward—real or ethereal—for
being more successful than one's
neighbor. The second can be pro
vided either in Utopia or by a strin
gent proctor system; positive in ac
tion as well as in name: the punish
ment need only be a failure in the
course or a zero grade for that ex
amination—this could work.
One phrase of Mr. Sumner's seems
extraordinarily pertinent: shall we
"continue, as at present, to contri
bute to the survival of the unfit?"
Win. F. Poynter
