# NO GAS FOR DRUNKS
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 8. </P)

Persons driving automobiles while
under the influence of liquor may
have to walk home once their fuel
tank runs dry, for Slate Senator J.
M. Inman of Sacramento has intro
duced a bill in the legislature pro
viding anyone who sells such a mo
torist gasoline will be guilty of a
misdemeanor.

The sport managers at; the Uni
versity of Southern California have
formed a "Ball and Chain" club for
the purpose of creating better feel
ing among the "water boys" and
blanket carriers.
