# Tryouts
## 
### 
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
Pre Keg Committee: Sign-up
sheets for interviews posted at
ASSU office.
