# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
Bendix- Pacific Division (Ben
dix Aviation Corporation): Inter
views Feb. 1 for men in engineer
ing with a 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
E.E., M.E., or Physics. Jobs are
in North Hollywood.
Caterpillar Tractor Co.: Inter
views Feb. 4 for men in research
and development and product de
sign. Any degree level in A.E.,
E.E., M.E., Engineering Mechan
ics, Metallurgical Engineering,
and Engineering Science. Jobs

are in Peoria, 111.
Dow Chemical Co.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in
sales department. A.B. masters
degree in Chemistry, Chemical
Engineering; M.B.A. with chem.
Humble Oil & Itefiiiing Co.:
Interviews Feb. 4 for openings in
marketing research. M.B.A. with
undergraduate degrees in Jour
nalism, Advertising, C.E., M.E.,
P.E., I.E.
Pacific University: Interviews
Feb. 1 for teachers. Openings for
Asst. Profesor of Physics, Dean
of Students, Instructor in Social
Sciences, Instructor of Russian
language and Western Culture.
Sylvania Electric Products: In
terviews Feb. 4 for openings in :
the Electronic Systems Division.
8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in E.T., M.E.,
Physics, and Mathematics..
Western Gear Corp.: Interviews
Feb. 4 for openings for men in the
Precision Products Division, In
dustrial Products Division, and
tho Electro Products Division, i
B.S. and M.S. in E.E. or M.E. j
required.
