# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The state agent of tlx-* Hankers
Life Association <>112 l>es Moines,
lowa, Mr. 10(1 ward K. Delger, who
recently visited the 1 niversity. very
kindlv explained the system of his
companv to lis, and we must can
didly admit that it impressed ih
most favorably. The jruarantee and

surplus fund of the company, now
in the eighteenth year of its exist
ence, exceeds $2,000,000, and is in
deed a splendid guarantee both of
the stability of the company as
well as to a continuance of their
surprisingly low rates, furnishing
insurance on a man's life, aged 40,
at an annual average rate of $8.40
per thousand, and at correspond
ingly low rates for other ages. The
assets of the association are under
the direct control of the state au
thorities and are by them safely in
vested. We would recommend any
one interested to either call upon
or communicate with Mr. Delger,
whose head office is located in the
Safe Deposit Building in Sau Fran
cisco.
