# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
Wednesday
Executive Committee —Union, 7:30.
M. E. Society — Meet at 7:30 sharp.
Usual place.
Thursday.
Arrangements Committee for Engi
neering Smoker—Meet 1:10, Engineer
ing corner.
