# Adv. 3 Page 5
## 
### 
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
The bunnies have the
last word: "Some hop
forward, the rest hop
backward."
They will also see you
LATER.
