# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tnk executive committee of the
lnter-Societv Debating League is
going at the matter of electing rep
resentatives on the intercollegiate
committee of arrangements in the
proper manner. The men who rep
resent us on the intercollegiate com
mittee will have the decision of
many important matters as to ar
rangements for the debates in their
hands, and the selection of the best
men Stanford can secure is imper
ative. The Inter-Society Debating
League recognizes this fact and this
afternoon, after spending consider
able time in makin.ir nominations,
decided to postpone the matter of
the election of these men for two
davs —until Friday—in order that
a further canvass of the abilities <>112
the several candidates might be
made. The executive committee of
the Debating League is going at
things properly.
Tnk executive committee of the
lnter-Societv Debating League is
going at the matter of electing rep
resentatives on the intercollegiate
committee of arrangements in the
proper manner. The men who rep
resent us on the intercollegiate com
mittee will have the decision of
many important matters as to ar
rangements for the debates in their
hands, and the selection of the best
men Stanford can secure is imper
ative. The Inter-Society Debating
League recognizes this fact and this
afternoon, after spending consider
able time in makin.ir nominations,
decided to postpone the matter of
the election of these men for two
davs —until Friday—in order that
a further canvass of the abilities <>112
the several candidates might be
made. The executive committee of
the Debating League is going at
things properly.
Tnk executive committee of the
lnter-Societv Debating League is
going at the matter of electing rep
resentatives on the intercollegiate
committee of arrangements in the
proper manner. The men who rep
resent us on the intercollegiate com
mittee will have the decision of
many important matters as to ar
rangements for the debates in their
hands, and the selection of the best
men Stanford can secure is imper
ative. The Inter-Society Debating
League recognizes this fact and this
afternoon, after spending consider
able time in makin.ir nominations,
decided to postpone the matter of
the election of these men for two
davs —until Friday—in order that
a further canvass of the abilities <>112
the several candidates might be
made. The executive committee of
the Debating League is going at
things properly.
Tnk executive committee of the
lnter-Societv Debating League is
going at the matter of electing rep
resentatives on the intercollegiate
committee of arrangements in the
proper manner. The men who rep
resent us on the intercollegiate com
mittee will have the decision of
many important matters as to ar
rangements for the debates in their
hands, and the selection of the best
men Stanford can secure is imper
ative. The Inter-Society Debating
League recognizes this fact and this
afternoon, after spending consider
able time in makin.ir nominations,
decided to postpone the matter of
the election of these men for two
davs —until Friday—in order that
a further canvass of the abilities <>112
the several candidates might be
made. The executive committee of
the Debating League is going at
things properly.
Tnk executive committee of the
lnter-Societv Debating League is
going at the matter of electing rep
resentatives on the intercollegiate
committee of arrangements in the
proper manner. The men who rep
resent us on the intercollegiate com
mittee will have the decision of
many important matters as to ar
rangements for the debates in their
hands, and the selection of the best
men Stanford can secure is imper
ative. The Inter-Society Debating
League recognizes this fact and this
afternoon, after spending consider
able time in makin.ir nominations,
decided to postpone the matter of
the election of these men for two
davs —until Friday—in order that
a further canvass of the abilities <>112
the several candidates might be
made. The executive committee of
the Debating League is going at
things properly.
