# Troxell Elected Faculty Club Head
## 
### 
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
John P. Troxell, director of the
Division of Industrial Relations in
the Graduate School of Business,
has been elected president of the
Stanford Faculty Club for the com
ing year.
Other new officers are Elwyn
Bugge, a-sistant professor of edu
cation and physical education, sec
retary; and Duncan I. McFadden,
University controller, treasurer.
Rixford K. Snyder, director of
admissions, and James S. Triolo, as
sistant general secretary, were cho
sen to serve on the board with the
new oflic rs and Professor Bacon
