# Untitled Article
## 
### 
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
O. L. Oliver, '19, leaves this after
noon for service in the coast patrol
service out of Chicago. He will serve
on the same boat as F. K. Kelly, '19,
H. H. Glen, '20, and I. A. Britt, '19.
