# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
Nestoria orators will take part in
an important debate tomorrow night
when they meet the Senate Debating
Society of the University of Cali
fornia. The forensic contest will be
staged in room 100 and the subject
will 1)0 "Resolved, That a three
quarters popular vote be necessary
before war is declared by the United
States."
