# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Kidd (No. 74, 202 lbs.. 6-4, 20-
year-old senior from Bartles
ville, Okla.) is currently fight
ing it out with Troy Barbee for
the left tackle position. Was
under injury jinx last two
years. Not big for tackle but is
very tough in position. Excel
lent on tackle - eligible pass
play. Major: industrial engi
neering.

Bowers (No. 40, 170 lbs., 5-9, j
19-year-old sophomore from i
Northridge) played for Ihe j
frosh last year. As it is with j
many sophs this year, he has j
been called upon to take over
for injured players. He turned
in a creditable game at right
half behind Harrington and By
rer last week. Major: petro
leum engineering.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JOHN KID!)
Tackle


DICK BOWERS
Back
