# ACTIVITIES BEGIN
## Cardinals Plan Preliminaries For Big Game 
### Jack Winkler 
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
Parents' Day last Saturday was
just one of tho many big events
organized by Cardinals, an admin
istrative board of ASSU composed
of 12 junior and senior men and
women, which directs the school's
all-campus functions.
The group is solely responsible
for the running of Big Game
Week, the Student Hostel pro
gram, Homecoming Day, football
movies, High School Day and the
week - long Convalescent Home
drive.
Cardinals runs on a budget of
more than $1000.
Membership
'Com Docker is president and AI
Fer ris is secretary-treasurer. Pris
cilla Clark and pompon gill Con
nie King are the two junior wom
en; Dick Coifing, Steve Ilalstead
and Kent Kaiser the junior men;
and Helen Weys and Jane Fetter
are the senior women. Wally Hon
eywell, Decker and Ferris arc the
senior men.
Also members of Cardinals are
head yell leader Ed Bordenkirch
er, ASSU vice president Wendy
II aw ley and student financial
manager Martin Johnston. Mem
bers without votes are representa
tives of The Daily and the Rally
Commission, making a total of 15
In all.
I'h is year Cardinals will change
the format of Big Game Week to
eliminate the float parade, which
was causing complaints from Palo
Alto merchants. Instead, co-chair
men Halstead and King have ar
ranged to have all living groups
decorate the fronts of their
houses. This used to be a Stan
ford tradition until about six
years ago.
Con Home Week
In general, Cardinals do the or
ganizing for their projects, but
draw on members of the whole
student body to help work on the
particulars of the jobs.
Depending on the final details
of rushing, this year's Con Home
Week may be moved up to winter
quarter. Kaiser and Miss Weys
head this project.
Cardinals is one of the eight
ASSU administrative boar ds,
ranking equal with Associated
Women Students, Institute of In
ternational Relations, Political
Union, Public Relations, Publica
tions, Ram's Head and Social Co
ordinating Board.
