# WRA Announces Co-Rec Activities
## 
### 
The Women's Recreation Asso
ciation announces three co-recre
ational activities which are now
in full swingâ€”badminton, arch
ery and fencing.
Badminton is held in the wom
en's gym every Thursday eve
ning from 7:30 to 9. Men may
come as guests of women stu
dents or independently. Women
will be admitted free, but each
man will be charged 25 cents to
cover use of shuttlecocks provid
ed by WRA. Students are encour
aged to bring their own rackets
though some will be provided.
The archery range is now open
for men and women students on
Wednesdays from 4:15 to 5 p.m.
and on Sundays from 2 to 4 p.m.
Some equipment is available or
students may bring their own,
but hunting equipment is not al
lowed.
Fencing has been changed to
Thursday evenings from 7:30 to
9 in the women's gym.
