# Kerensky to Speak On Russia Tonight
## 
### 
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
Alexander Kerensky, a former
prime minister of Russia, will
speak tonight al 8 at Ihe Stanford
Women's Clubhouse on the sub
ject "Russia—Past and Present."
Preceding the meeting he will
be guest of honor at a dinner
given at the Stanford Union by
the officers of Palo Alto branch
of the American Association of
University Women.
Since October, 1917, when the
Bolsheviks took control of the
government, Kerensky has been
living in France and' the United
States. At present he is at the
Hoover Institution here preparing
a documentary history of the Rus
sian provisional government that
he headed.
The meeting is open to the pub
lic, and there is no admission
charge. A question and answer
session will be held after Keren
sky's talk.
