# Literary Conversation
## 
### 

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."

Kathleen Norris, noted Palo Alto novelist,
stands by the 1 fit (i century German printing
press in the Albert M. Bender Room of the Uni
versity Library. She and her brothers, Joseph
and Frederick Thompson, will open the season's
Bender Room Intermezzo Series today at 1 p.m.

with a family literary conversation. They will
discuss life and literature of the Bay Area dur
ing the past several decades. Mrs. Norris has
written more than 75 books', plays and magazine
articles. Her latest book is "Through a (ila.>s
Darkly."
