# IIR Will Feature Brazil Statesman
## 
### 
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
The second lIR political talk of
the quarter will feature Dr. Re
nato Rollenberg da Luz Mesquita
of Brazil at Bowman A 1 u m n i
House today at 1:1.1 p.m. His topic
will be the social and development
problems of Brazil.
Dr. Roilenherg comes from the
Brazilian state of Bahia and is a
participant in the foreign leader
exchange program of the Inter
national Educational Exchange
Service of the State Department.
He was graduated from the law
school of the University of Bahia
and is now a professor of sociol
ogy at that university.
He is the B-ihian attorney gen
eral and holds a seat in the state
legislature. His other positions
are director general of the Bahia
civil service department and co
director of the Bahia Normal In
stitute.
