# Sale Continues On General Books
## 
### 
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
The Stanford Bookstore is con
tinuing its sale of general books
before taking an inventory of its
supply. Books have been marked
down as low as 50 cents. The
bookstore is open from 8-5 week
days.
