# Segregation Lecture Issue
## 
### 
Education students will hear the
thoughts of a faculty visitor who
has lived both inside and outside
of segregation in the South, Miss
Lou Laßrant, of Dillard Univer
sity, New Orleans, an all-Negro
liberal arts institution.
Under the title "Complexities of
School Integration in the South,"
Miss Laßrant will share her ex
periences, many of which typify
the various Southern attitudes,
the reasons for these attitudes,
and action being taken in the
South, this morning at 11 in Cub
berley Auditorium.
Miss Laßrant has been a pro
fessor of English Education at
Ohio State and New York Univer
sity. She has taught in several Cal
ifornia colleges and at Atlanta
University, the largest Negro
university in the South. From her
work all over the country, she
feels that some of the organized
forces based on the segregation
issue in the areas around New
Orleans are active everywhere.
After receiving the A.B. degree
from Baker University, Miss La-
Brant earned the M.A, degree at
the University of Kansas and the
Ph.D. at Northwestern University
in the field of English Education.
