# BACK ON AIR
## KZSU Begins Broadcasting 
### 
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
Stanford University's radio sta
tion KZSU 880 on your radio dial,
began operation July 25, for a
two-week period. Broadcast hours
are from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, ending
August 5. The campus limited sta
tion is operated by members of
the Stanford Radio - Television
Summer Institute.
All programming is conceived
and performed by the students of
the Institute, under the direction
of John P. Witherspoon, faculty
advisor. Student staff members
include Fred Christian, station
manager; Bob Schimmel, chief en
gineer; Donna Stone, program di
rector, and Steve Cobe, head an
nouncer.
Program material will include
daily newscasts, dramas directed
and performed by student talent,
documentaries on East and West
Germany, music performed by
campus artists, a rebroadcast of
Margaret Mead's speech, a series
of programs dealing with Fables
of the Farm, and other student
programs.
KZSU is a carrier current sta
tion, limited to the Stanford cam
pus with studios and offices in
Memorial Hall.
