# GUTHRIE
## 
### 
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
President, Sarah McCloud; vice
president, Pam Palmer; secre
tary, Louise Edmonds; commit
tee of eight, Jane Ashbrook; so
cial chairman, Betsy Tower.
