# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
Gavilan House announces the
engagement of Peggy Shaw, '60,
to Richard Bauhaus, '59.
