# INSIDE
## 
### 
Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Almost
Men's rugby loses its shot
at the Final Four with a
defeat by Cal.
See Sports Monday, page 8

So close
Secretary of State Baker
awaits Israel's compromise
on peace talks with Arabs.
See World & Nation, page 3

Not quite
Due to errors, men's base
ball stops short of the Pac
-10 championship.
See Sports Monday, page 7

