# COUNCIL ROOM CHANGED
## 
### 
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
Women's Council office has been
changed to Room 13. Old Union, ac
cording to Anne Killefer, chairman.
