# Robleites Invite Women to Tea
## 
### 
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
Invitations have been extended to
various prominent campus women to
assist in the receiving line at the
Ruble formal tea next Sunday hon
oring Dean Alary Yost for her 20
yjears' of service to Stanford. Over
1009 people are expected to attend
the affair, which will he held from
4:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Students receiving include Janet
Atkinson, Anne Townsend, Martha
Nordling, Nell Plopper, Margaret
Ray, Peggy Stanfield, Martha Phil
lips, Marge Hovey, Mary Etta Far
rell, Pat Thuresson, Pat Adams,
Irma Jean Hannibal, Anne Killefer,
Fran Lengfeld, Sylvia Berry, Betty
Jane Binney, and Mary June Mont
gomery.
Administrative officials, besides
Miss Yost who will receive are mes
dames Helen Sims, Rohle director;
Anastasia Doyle, director of resi
dence; Grace Glenn, Rohle dining
room director; Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls; and Lucy
Latnillade, assistant Rohle director.
Pouring at the tea will be Jane
Ellis, Margery LaMotte, Mary Helen
McCune, Rosemarie Mullany, Jane
Harrington, Betty Lou Van Dalsem,
and Mesdames Mary Pavlicevich,
and Eva Jimmerson.
