# IIR Expands Informal Dining for Foreign Students
## 
### 
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
“HR is stepping up its Inter
national Dining Program in an
attempt to bring foreign and
American students together in an
informal atmosphere which will
encourage intercultural exchange
and understanding,” said Gordon
Adams, vice president of the In
ternational Students Divisions of
UR.

Because so many foreign stu
dents are graduate students and
don’t live in living groups, they
often have difficulty making close
contacts and return to their na
tive countries without having es
tablished a close relationship with
any significant group of Ameri
can students, according to John
Porter, director of the Interna
tional Dining Progr am.

TO PREVENT THIS, the HR
and I Club introduced the Inter
national Dining Program during
spring quarter, 1962, in which liv
ing groups can invite a foreign
student to oat with them on a
regular basis.
At present, this program is of
fered only to Roble, Branner, Wil
bur, Stern, Lagunita, and Florance
Moore, although HR hopes to ex
pand the dinner program even
tually to include fraternities and
row houses.
“The International Dining Pro
gram is only one part of a broader
program of the HR and I Club to
bring foreign and American stu
dents together,” said Adams. Oth
er parts of this plan are I Club
coffee hours, panel discussions,
Evenings Abroad in the I Club
center, the Stanford Person-to-
Person Program, and the Foreign
Student Pre - Registration Pro
gram.
