# Adv. 28 Page 12
## 
### 
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
TEAM AMERICA WANTS YOU Do
you want to put the "F" BACK IN
FREEDOM? Enter to win a TEAM
AMERICA prize pack including a
script and poster signed by
filmmakers Trey Parker and Matt
Stone. Send your enlistment
stats to
F_YEAH@axne«stonepromot»n.corn
You must include your name, age,
university/college, e-mail
address and mailing address.
All applications must be
received 12:00 AM 10.18.2004.
Team members chosen at random.
TEAM AMERICA VWDRLD POLICE, from
the creators of SOUTH PARK. In
theaters everywhere 10.15.2004.
www.teamamerica.com
AUTOS
72 Alfa Romeo 4-dr, $1200, 5-8090
2001 Ford Taurus SES, exc. cond
silver, all auto, $8,400 ofr.
(707) 399-8212
Honda Civic 2000 Ex. Green 2D.
Automatic Coupe. <38,000 miles
$10,000. Call 650-799-5386.
