# Adv. 32 Page 12
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
GET PAB FOR YOUR ORMONS! Ean
$15-125 and more per survey!
www.moneyforsurveys.com
Lab positions available. Get exp
& references for med/grad school
Email info@hsv.stanford.edu
LACROSSE COACHES WANTED!
Paid jobs. MA High. Boys & Girls
Pam Wimberly (pwimberi@seq.org)
650-322-5311 x5706. More info:
Mary Wachtel 650-854-4920
www.mbears.seq.org
Make $75 taking online surveys
www.cashtospend.com
Planned Parenthood Mar Monte is
seeking part-time assistance to
work Saturdays for its busy
community clinic in Mountain
View. We are in search of
individuals who enjoy direct
client contact for Medical
Assistant positions. Training is
provided for those with limited
experience. Medical or
health/human services experience
preferred. Bilingual is a plus.
Send resume to PPMM, 1691 The
Alameda, San Jose, CA 95126,
Fax: (408) 971-6935, Email:
sanjosehr@ppmarmonte.org or go
to www.ppmarmonte.org
