# Adv. 35 Page 12
## 
### 
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
' You know who the \
hardest working athletes
at Stanford are?
Badminton?
It's those crew
guys. But they get
no love at all.
' And ladies,
as far as stamina goes .
I bet those fools could
row all night.
