# TRAVELERS TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
Leslie and Wanda Havman, inter
national travelers, will speak Wed
nesday evening at 8 on the outlook
for peace. Their talks will be Riven
in the patio room of the Methodist
Education Building, Webster and
Bvron Streets, Palo Alto, and arc
open to the public.
