# VARSITY BASEBALL
## 
### 
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
The varsity baseball tcv.m wi
meet at 4 p.m. today in Room 17 <
the BAC.
