# DULLES, ZARUBIN MEET
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. tl (UP) —
Secretary of State John Foster Dul
les and Russian Ambassador Georgi
N. Zarubin held a sccret 30-minute
talk today on President Eisenhow
ers' atoms - for - peace plan and
agreed to meet again soon.
