# Stern Makes Plans For Esquire Dance
## 
### 
Stern Hall will present an all
campus Esquire Dance this Satur
day from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at the
hall.
Tickets for the affair, which is
sport, are $1 a couple and can be
purchased at the Stern Hall office,
the ASSU office, or at the door.
Music will be provided by Bill
Reynolds and his orchestra, and
there will be both refreshments and
entertainment free of charge.
Esquire magazine is supplying
decorations for the dance, including
blow-ups of cover girls and jokes
which have appeared in the maga
zine. Esquire has also printed a
number of special bids for the dancc
which will be given away at the
door.
Chairman of the dancc is Kail
Schwarz.
