# Sunday's Rain Swells Searsville Lake Supply
## 
### 
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
Sunday night's rainfall, a total
of .40 inch, added four million
gallons to Searsville Lake's water
supply. The lake, which supplies
the water for Stanford's Lake La
gunita, now holds a total of 122
million gallons. When the sup
ply tops 2(>5 million gallons, the
overflow will begin to fill Lake
Lag.
The total rainfall in the area is
now .'1.51 inches.
