# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
To reduce the cost of athletic equip
ment, two tennis halls per semester
will he sold to Gymnasium students
at the rate of fifteen cents each.
