# DR. MANTIS WRITES BOOK
## "Psychological Review" for July Contains Summary 
### 
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
Dr. Lillien J. Martin, Professor of
Psychology, has recently written a
Look that is attracting widespread
attention among psychologists. It is
published in German and is entitled.
"Ein experirnenteller Beitrag zur
Evforchung des Unterbeurihten" (An
Experimental Contribution to the In
vestigation of the Subconscious). A
brief summary of this investigation
was given by Professor Martin in her
vice-presidential address before sec
tion H of the "American Association
fo.r the Advancement of Science,"
which organization met in San Fran
cisco last August. This summary has
been published in the July number of
the Psychological Review, of which
the Library has several copies.
