# Washington Co-op. Ones Big Business
## 
### 
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
Fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
is saved annually to the students at
the University of Washington through
their co-operative store which does a
$60,000 business. The store saves ir>
per cent on textbooks; 2f> to 30 per
cent on stationery, and an average of
25 per cent on sundries including ath
letic goods, gymnasium suits, rain
coats, etc.
