# Y.W. International Group In First Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
Members of the international com
mittee of the Y.W.C.A. will meet to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Present International Ques
tions." Eleanor Dennison, graduate
student in Political Science, will
Start the discussion with a short talk
on the subject.
Elisabeth Parmley, chairman,
urges all members of the group and
others interested th be present as
this is the first meeting of the kind.
