# BRIDGEMEN MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
The Stanford Bridgement will hold
their second session this evening at
7:45 o'clock in the El Tigre dining
rooms. The finals for (he tournament
will be determined.
