# PI PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
Pi Beta Phi announces the pledg
ing of Mary Virginia Palmer, '3(5.
