# PACIFIC ISLANDS UNDER INOUIRY
## 
### 

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.

Japan was questioned by the mandates commission of the League of
Nations about the expenditure of large sums in improving the harbors
at Saipan Island, near Guam, and Palau Island, near the loute to
Manila. Charges that naval bases were being established were denied
by the Japanese.
