# Confederate Daughters Offer $1,000 Essay Prize
## 
### 
To encourage research in the his
tory of the South a biennial prize of
$1,000 is being offered by the United
Daughters of the Confederacy for
an* unpublished essay, of not less
than 10,000 words, "of high merit in
the field of Southern history, prefer
ably in or near the period of the
Confederacy or bearing on the causes
that led to the war between the
states."
The competition is limited to un
dergraduate or graduate students of
standard colleges in the United
States and those who have been stu
dents in such institutions within the
preceding three calendar years. The
next competition closes May 1, 1933.
Full particulars of this competition
will be posted on the history bulle
tin board.
