# Adv. 32 Page 7
## 
### 
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
Quit smoking.
4
£» American Heart
Association
We
apologize
for the printing error
which omitted the
Department of English
and the Department of
German Studies ae
co-eponeore of the
poetry reading by
Adam Zagajewski.
