# Y.M.C.A. Election.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
At a meeting of the Young Men's
Christum Association last night
officers for the next year were
elected as follows: President, Hugh
A. Moran,'o4; vice-president, An
gus C. Hull, '03; secretary, R. F.
Nyman, '05; treasurer, It. P. Hum
mel, '03. In addition to the elec
tion of officers, thirty-eight men
were voted members of the associa
tion.
