# Untitled Article
## 
### 
What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


What would
end senior Kristine Kurth's
tennis career besides
graduation?
page 7

you change
As the weather changes,
springtime lovers make their
mark on Stanford.
page 4

if you could?
If you could, wouldn't you visit
the San Francisco International
Film Fest?
Intermission

Weather
Today: Cooler,
showers likely.
Highs in the 60s.
Friday: Cloudy,
chance of show
ers. Highs in the
low 60s.


