# LENS AND PLATE WILL TAKE QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
With the signing of the contract yes
terday between Lens and Plate and the
1923 Quad staff, an entirely new system
has been inaugurated in regard to the
pictures for the annual. The photog
raphers of the campus have as a unit
assumed the responsibility for all the
action pictures to be taken throughout
the year, while previously this work
was left to individuals. It is felt by
the contracting parties that the new ar
rangement will not only secure a higher
grade of photography but will also aid
the new society founded last year. This
system will also provide the Quad with
a staff of photographic editors which
will assist the management in important
aspects other than the mere taking of
pictures.
The individual pictures will be sublet
to a professional photographer, and in
an effort to improve the grade of this
class of picture, the Franklin Studios of
Palo Alto have been selected. These
studios have gained a large following
among the lovers of the artistic on ac
count of the quality of photography
turned out.
