# AN ANNOUNCEMENT AND A CORRECTION
## 
### 
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
The second "Thorndike" intelligence
examination will be given Saturday
morning, October 22d from 8:30 to
11:30 in the Little Theater.
The above statement is called for
because of the fact that in a well-in
tentioned and otherwise excellent ar
ticle which appeared in the D. P. A.
previous to the examination of Octo
ber 8th, several errors appeared. The
article in question stated that the
hour was 8 o'clock, that the examina
tion was for freshmen, that the tests
were devised by me, and that they
would perhaps after a time be used in
the selection of students for admission
to the University.
Instead, the hour is 8:30; the test
must be taken by all new undergrad
uate students (that is, students who
have not registered in the University
previous to the present quarter); the
test used is one that was arranged
especially for college students by Pro
fessor E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia
University; and, as far as the writer
knows, no steps have been taken
looking forward to the use of the tests
in selecting candidates for admission.
Those who took the test will doubt
less agree that it is very searching,
demanding, as it does, three hours of
hard and continuous thinking. The
scoring is done by means of keys and
is purely objective, which means that
that student's score depends entirely
upon his performance and not, as in
most examinations, largely upon the
bias of the one who grades the paper.
The Thorndike test, which is an ex
tension and modification of the Army
mental tests, is in use in many of the
leading universities of the country. A
i unique feature of Professor Thorn
dike's modification consists in the
large number of alternative "forms"
which the author has prepared. These
"forms" are psychologically identical
and equally difficult, but differ en-
tirely from one another in content.
Some 30 such "forms" have been pre-
pared ,only two or three of which are
released each year. The tests are not
! sold on the open market, but are dis
tributed confidentially to the proper
university authorities where they are
used. This method of distribution and
the constant issuance of new "forms"
effectually does away with the danger
of coaching.
Many questions have been asked
by students in regard to the use which
will be made of the tests at Stanford.
It is too early to give a definite an
swer to such questions, but it may be
stated that in the universities where
they have been tried, the Thorndike
tests have proved useful in a number
of ways. I take it that it was the
desire of our Academic Council and
President to find out, by first-hand evi
dence, what the tests would add to
our knowledge of the raw material
with which we work and upon the
quality of which our finished product
so largely depends.
My personal responsibility in the
matter is limited to administering the
tests and tabulating the results for
such uses as the Academic Council
and President may see fit to make of
them.
LEWIS M. TERMAN.
