# U.C. Professor Will Give Summer Course in Hawaii
## 
### 
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
Dean W. W. Kemp, head of the
School of Education at the University
of California, will give a six weeks'
summer session course at the Univer
sity of Hawaii 011 "Educational Ad
ministration." He has also been asked
<0 present a course in "Teacher Train
ing Problems" at the Territorial Nor
mal School there. Dean Kemp plans to
leave Berkeley about the middle of
June.
