# "Shell Shock" Is Common Among Harvard Students
## 
### 
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
' Shell-shock is not confined to war
.veterans; it is a common condition
among college students, is the finding
of Dr. Alfred Worcester, Harvard pro
fessor of hygiene. In Dr. Worcester's
recent annual report on the medical
care of Harvard students, he discov
ered that a great number of students
presenting unsatisfactory work suf
fered from a general physical and men
tal condition he described as "shell
shock."
