# Radiators in Library Cause Ceiling Damage
## 
### 
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
The repair work that has been in
progress for the past two weeks on
the ceiling of the front arcade of the
Library was necessitated by a hidden
leak in the radiators in the periodical
room.
These radiators are located in the
walls back o fthe book shelves in the
periodical room, and their position is
such that leakage could go on for some
time without discovery. In this case,
the water had seeped down and rusted
the metal lathe throughout the center
section of the ceiling, and had crum
bled the plaster to such an extent that
a large piece fell out during examina
tion week of last quarter.
In order to guard against a future
recurrence of the situation, the whole
center section was ripped out, new
metal lathe was put in, and a new ceil
ing of waterproof plaster cement. The
two end sections were left undisturbed
since the periodical room extends over
the center only.
