# MONDAY
## 
### 
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
Diplomatic dueling
The Soviet Union has signaled a
policy change regarding chemical
weapons The Soviet government
announced that it has begun con
struction of a facility to begin
destroying its stockpile of chemi
cal weapons Page 3
Fleeing war
Two Stanford students worked in
Honduran refugee camps over the
summer, helping people fleeing
from war torn El Salvador
Page 6
Cardinal sweep
Stanford's Bth-ranked women's
basketball team swept (JSC and
UCLA on a successful road trip
last week Page 8

If you are interested in working
for The Daily, come to a meeting
Thursday at noon in the Daily
offices across from Terman En
gineering Building.
