# DEMOCRACY IN ITALY WILL BE TOPIC OF TUESDAY LECTURER
## 
### 
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
Professor Rafael Piccoli, who is now
head of the Italian Department at the
University of California, and who has
been giving many talks around the bay
region on different phases of present
day Italy, has consented to come to
Stanford this . Tuesday evening, and
deliver a speech upon the subject of
"Democracy in Italy—Mediaeval and
Modern."
Having just come from Oxford
where he lectured on Italian litera
ture, Professor Piccoli will be a lec
turer of especial interest to a Uni
versity audience. Until he went to
teach at Oxford. Piccoli was head of
the English Department at the Univer
sity of Pisa in Italy. He is a very
well-known author of books and is the
editor of several Italian publications.
He will return to Italy early in the
new year, so that this will bo the only
opportunity Stanford will have to hear
him.
