# New Press Facilities Have Been Installed For Daily Palo Alto
## 
### 
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
New press facilities for the Daily
Palo Alto have been nistalled and will
be ready for operation tomorrow. This
enlargement will make possible the
easier and quicker liaidling of the
printing that is necessary in view of
the present circulation.
The old 5-column, 4-page press is
gone, and in its place is a 6-column,
4-page printing press, capable of turn
ing out 200 copies per hour. Hereto
fore, when the 5-column press was
used, it was possoble to run through
only two pages at a time, unless the
commercial press was used. With the
lie vmachine the four pages can be
printed all at the same time. The
commercial machine was capable of
doing this, but had a capacity of only
1500 copies per hour, compared with
the two thousand the new press will
deliver.
A feature of the new machine is the
automatic folder which Is a part of
the equipment. This folder is capable
of folding by machine three thousand
copies per hour. This of course is an
immense improvement over the former
method.
The press will be ready for opera
tion as soon as the connections are in
stalled. It will be driven by an indivi
dual motor connected directly to the
shaft, with push-button control.
