# Underclass Hockey Teams Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
The sophomore and freshmen women's
hockey teams will play their final game
in the intc/class series tomorrow after
noon at 4:30 on the Roble Field. So far
the sophomores and freshmen are tied
for third place on the list, having lost
both games to the/upperclass teams. The
game is to decide the "cellar position."
The final game in the series is sched
uled for Thursday .afternoon at 4:30.
when the junior and senior teams will
meet to play for the intcrclass hockey
cup to be presented, to the winner of
the series. The seniors and juniors arc
tied for first place in the series and a
hard-fought game is expected on Thurs
day.
