# Post Office to Be Dedicated Today
## 
### 
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
Olficial dedication ceremonies
for the new Post Office will be
held today at 11:30 a.m. in front
of the new building. The program
will be opened by the Stanford
ROTC with "To The Colors."
Remarks will be delivered by
Ralph T. Wills. Deputy Executive
Assistant Postmaster G en era 1
from Washington. IXC.; Post
master Ralph Evans of Palo Alto;
Robert Pahs, Deputy Regional
Operations Director of San Pran
cisco; and John Callahan, Stan
ford Branch Superintendent.
Master of Ceremonies will be
David Packard, president of the
University Board of Trustees.
Frederick (). Glover. Executive
Assistant to J. E. Wallace Ster
ling. will represent the Univer
sity president, who is traveling in
I lie east.
