# Foreign Students Must Register
## 
### 
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
Provisions of Iho Nationality
Act of 1940 and tho McCarran Act
of 1952 require all alien nonim
migrants iti tho United States to
comply with regulations concern
ing registration and fingerprint
ing
A representative of the Immi
gration and Naturalization Serv
ice will be at the new post office
Feb. 18-19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
each day to register and finger
print foreign students and ex
change aliens who have not prev
iously done this. Students should
present their Visitor's Permit
(Form 1-94) for endorsement at
time of registration.
Registration and fingerprint
ing may also be completed at the
office of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 630
S.insome Si., San Francisco.
