# Yugoslav Prelate Stepinac Dies
## 
### 
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
Aloj/ijo Cardinal Slepinac, 61,
spiritual loader of seven million
Yugoslav Roman Catholics, died
yesterday in his native village of
Krasic.
So u r c e s which reported the
death said that the cardinal, a foe
of the Tito regime, died of pneu
monia complicated by a heart con
dition.
The Cardinal had been confined
to Krasic since he was released in
1951 from a 16-year prison term.
He had been convicted of collabo
rating with N'a/.i G e r many in
World War 11, which charges he
denied.
His t rial and imprisonment
aroused world-wide protests and a
diplomatic break between Yugo
slavia and the Vatican.
On Tuesday, the Cardinal's per
sonal physician had reported lie
was suffering from a cold con
tracted from four hours daily
praying in the unhealed parish
church of Krasic. His dealh re
duces the College of Cardinals t<>
iS members.
