# Math
## 
### 
Recommended Instructors: l J a/y,
Bacon, Crandall, Howard, Rab
inowitT, Sunseri, de Le uw,
Berg, Hill, Osserman, & Cohen.
Recommended Courses:
115
116
120
142
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Burdick: Follows the book too
much; goes too quickly—can't
absorb material adequately.
McGregor: Has difficulty in com
municating, and in explaining
material. Follows text exactly
and absorbs himself in the
blackboard.
Levine: Diverges from subject
matter; remote and slightly un
friendly.
Hawley: Lacks organized instruc
tion plan—no explanations or
examples. Few or no office
hours.
Pinsky: Lectures from the book;
arrogant.
Courses NOT Recommended
130
131
106
