# Introduction
## 
### 
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
This Supplement is primarily
designed as an aid to Pre-Reg.
Our recommendations are based
on a questionnaire administered
to all Juniors and Seniors. Keep
in mind that these results were
obtained from majors—a bout
their Departments.
We do not advise that you use
these facts in planning which
General Studies courses or elec
tives are best for you; it is de
signed to help undecided students
choose a major.
The order in which the instruc
tor and course are listed, corre
sponds to the number of times
they were mentioned—most fre
quently to least frequently. An
instructor or course was not fist
ed when we received little or no
feedback, or when the responses
were ambivalent.
