# History
## 
### 
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
Recommended Instructors: Craig,
Spitz, Potter, Lederer, Wright,
Van Slyke, Mancall, Buss, Rob
inson, & Drekmeier.
Recommended Classes
110
129
192
173
109
128
121
172
122 a
32
169
136b
Instructors NOT Recommended:
Bark: Poorly organized lectures;
tends to stress own opinion too
strongly in small group situa
tions, but on a personal level he
is friendly and intereested in
students. He should develop a
more dynamic and relevant de
livery of lectures.
Seaver: Lectures are peripheral
and tend to be monotone, even
though reading material is very
interesting. Personally he is
friendly and helpful, but needs
to utilize his lectures to en
hance his syllabus, by concen
trating on a stimulating lecture
technique.
Emmons: Good knowledge of
subject, but delivery in unin
spirational. He belongs in small
groups; needs to invigorate his
lecture style.
Johnson: Gives poor and tedious
reading assignments for a po
tentially great course.
Bailey: Lectures are tedious and
verbose despite good reading
material.
Knoles: Lectures are dry but or
ganized and competent.

Courses NOT Recommended:
200
20
100
107
166
167
108
105
109
