# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
It is announced that the Junior
girls have decided to wear in their
third year the black cap and gown
which heretofore has been the dis
tinctive dress of the Senior girls.
As a senior, I feel in this matter
much its would the class in general
were the sophomores suddenly to
adopt the senior sombrero; and
through your columns allow me to
enter a single protest which will be
followed up by the unanimous
opinion of 1904. The black cap
and gown is a last-year honor; we
object to sharing it with those who
have not earned it. That it is a
dress worn by all classes in other
colleges is no argument in this
matter; the senior sombrero is
common in all the West, but none
the less a peculiar privilege here.
In the meeting today the girls of
1005 were led into this inconsider
ate action by the thoughtlessness
of a few; I feel sure that reconsid
eration will find the majority in a
mood to respect Stanford tradition.
1904.
