# BOATMEN GETTING ACTIVE.
## Indications Point to Intercollegiate Rowing Contest in Near Future. 
### 
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
The Stanford Boat Club is active
.rying to place the sport of rowing
upon its feet again, and despite
the many obstacles that it has to
Dvercome, it is confident of success.
I'he drying up of Lagunita has
sompelled the cllih to look to the
bay for a place of practice, and
Prof. A. \Y. Smith of the Mechan
ical Engineering department, who
was the original moving spiiit, in
the promotion of the club, is look
ing about for a suitable strip of
land near the slough at the foot of
the Embarcadero road. When
this is secured a rough boathouse
will he constructed for the housing
of the two-oared and the four-oared
barges which are now in the pos
session of the club.
As soon as these preliminary ar
rangements can he made, it is pro
posed to start training immedi
ately. The Embarcadero road is
in fairly good shape at this time of
year, and until the heavy rains
come it will be no inconvenience
for the men to ride down on wheels
or in buses. There are over thirty
active members in the club, and
there may be good material in the
Freshman class. A number of the
members will make the trip to the
slough every night and receive in
struction from Professor Smith or
from some of the rowers themselves
who are experienced oarsmen. If
funds can be raised to secure an
other barge, Professor Smith hopes
to arrange a series of interclass
contests. These contests, however,
will be secondary to the more im
portant match which it is hoped to
pull off with the University of Cal
ifornia oarsmen sometime in No
vember. Professor Smith is confi
dent that if the men are in fit
condition such a contest can be
arranged.
P. C. Harper, ex-'OS, who was
elected president of the Boat Club
last spring, has not returned to
college. J. M. Beach, '04, now
vice-president, will probably suc
ceed him. R. H. Gaither, '06, is
secretary, and Prof. A. VV. Smith
treasurer.
