# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
An election for officers of the
Junior class is scheduled to take
place in the chapel Monday at 1:10.
Evidently the process of choosing
the directors of the class affairs
for the coming semester will occupy
about ten minutes' time. Aside
from overturning the usual custom
of the upper classes in selecting
their officers, the procedure of
allowing such a short time for bal
loting may come back at the Jun
iors with-bad results. The two
upper classes have heretofore cast
the votes on the quad between cer
tain prescribed hours. Such a
course is always followed because
it prevents hasty action and the
possible election of the wrong can
didates. it is not always conven
ient for every person to be present
at an early hour in the afternoon,
and the quad balloting serves again
as a matter of convenience. Pri
marily, though, it is more of a
precaution, and puts a more unan
imous stamp on the candidates
ultimately chosen than would oth
erwise be the case. The Juniors
will do well to follow the pro
cedure heretofore used by upper
classes.
