# "NIGHTMARE" AT POLIO BENEFIT
## 
### 

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.

PART OF THE entertainment presented at the President's Birthday benefit on Saturday night at the
Palo Alto Community Center was the dance shown above, entitled "The Nightmare." Florence Brill, cen
ter, represents the sleeper, while Robert Brauns, Barbara Mottram, and Joyce Lyon Dahl are the dream
characters.
