# Russian Embassy Destroyed By Fire
## 
### 
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
HANKOW, China, Monday, Jan.
23 (UP). —The Soviet Russian em
bassy here was destroyed today by
fire which razed the building, burn
ing valuable diplomatic documents.
Unconfirmed reports said an ex
plosion started the blaze. It was
the fourth Soviet diplomatic office
destroyed or damaged in China dur
ing the present Sino-Japanese war.
