# BROOKLYN DODGER STAR INFIELD
## 
### 

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.

FOR A FEW' DAYS last week this quintet of infielders composed the inner circle of the top team in the
National League. From left: Manager Leo Durocher; Herman Franks, catcher; Harold (Peewee) Reese,
shortstop; Pete Coscarart, second base; Dolph Camilli. first base; and Cookie Lavagettc. third base. Many
observers assert this is the best infield in the league.
