# JUDGE BANNS DEPOSITS
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13 (UP).
—Superior Judge Frank Deasy today
extended a restraining order, pre
venting the State Department of
Agriculture and the Attorney Gen
eral's office from enforcing the
state's proposal to increase the de
posit charge on milk bottles, until
June 17.
