# POLICE ARREST UNION CHIEF
## 
### 

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.

Euclid Candy Co. plant was highlighted by nie arrest, as shown, of
Eugene W. Paton, president of longshoremen's local union. Inspector
Bill Merrick on left and Sergeant Alvin on Paton's right. Charged
with resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, Paton was later
released on bail.
