# Tickets Still on Sale For Montoya Concert
## 
### 
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
Tickets for the IIR Benefit Con
cert featuring Carlos Montoya
will be on sale for the rest of
the week from 9-12 on Quad and
from 1-5 in the Nitery at the
Union.
Seats for the Sunday afternoon
performance run $3, $2.50, and
$1.50. Proceeds will be used to
provide two Stanford scholar
ships to foreign students .
