# London Rioters Harass Germans.
## 
### 
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
London, Oct. 19.—The anti-German
feeling in England has reached a high
pitch. On account of riots in the
Deptford district nearly every shop op
erated by Germans or of German de
scendants was wrecked by missiles of
an angry mob. At Saffron many were
injured in the racial controversies.
