# Ganong Is Married.
## 
### 
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
As a great surprise to his many
friends comes the news that C. F.
Ganong, '10, was some months ago
married to Miss Fawcett. of Tacoma.
Washington. Ganong is a varsity base
ball and Rugby player, and a member
of Theta Delta Chi and Skull and
Snakes. Mrs. Ganong is now residing
in Palo Alto.
