# Y.M.C.A. To Meet Sunday.
## 
### 
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
Tlie Y. M. C. A. will hold its regular
meeting in room 264 next Sunday at
9:4. r >. The purpose of this meeting
will be to discuss the recent Carmel
Conference. Everyone is invited to at
tend.
