# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
A young convict paroled on a life
sentence for murder was barred from
entering Nebraska by the chancellor.
