# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Dowell announces that as a result
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week and were
placed on the waiting list can be
accommodated for the Big Game
dinner.
