# NOTICE
## 
### 
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
Any person or firm desiring to bid
for the punch for the sophomore
cotillion should forward to Box 1963
a list of the various qualities and
prices per gallon.
