# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In this issue we present the treas
urer's report for November, showing
the receipts of the Thanksgiving
game and part of the expenses of
the football season. It should be
remembered in reading over this
report that it is not complete, as
nil of the exjrenses of the season
had not been paid by the first of
December, and the balance is con
sequently very large. The De
cember report will be published
shortly, and by the end of the pres
ent month some idea of the state of
the student body financially may
be obtained. As soon as all the
football bills have been paid this
year, a report covering all the re
ceipts and expenditures of the sea
son will be published by Treasurer
Pomeroy. It is to be hoped that
this report will not mislead anyone
as to the condition of the student
body treasury, as has frequently
been the case with published re
ports in former years.
