# Resignation Statement
## 
### 
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
Last year I was elected ASSU
President on a platform of ed
ucational and governmental re
form within a community of
scholars.
Part of that platform was a
criticism of student government
for not serving the real educa
tional and social needs of stu
dents. Student government Is es
sentially a bureaucratic mechan
ism without any real power or
responsibility, performing the
functions granted it by the Dean
of Students. A hollow bureau
cratic process, the student gov
ernment as presently constituted
Is incapable of representing or
contributing to an intellectual
community.
Similarly, the Study of Edu
cation at Stanford is mired in
bureaucratic routine, which
makes it unable to innovate or
seriously to consider new ideas.
In both cases, then, the very

structure of the institutions of
Stanford's government makes
them incapable of attaining the
goals they proclaim.
The demoralization or large
segments of the student commu
nity, due in part to the war In
Vietnam and to the draft, and
due in part to the inertia of the
government of the University,
has made it Impossible for the
student body to contribute to
the creation of an intellectual
community at Stanford.
Therefore, I am resigning not
only because the bureaucratic
structure of student government
contradicts the goals I campaign
ed for, but because I hope to
open to debate the question of
the function and purpose of Stu
dent Government in the Univer
sity and to raise the possibUlty
of organizing a student govern
ment which would play a truly
responsible role within the aca
demic community.
PETER LYMAN
November 26,1967
