# Cheers!
## 
### 

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."

Reuters
Nicholas Cage, winner of the Outstanding Male Lead Actor per
formance in motion pictures, poses with presenter, actress
Jodie Foster, as he holds his Screen Actors Guild Award which
he received during a live telecast on the NBC network Satur
day. Cage won for his role in "Leaving Las Vegas."
