# FREY TO SUCCEED HOYT?
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 6 (UP).
—Michael J. Frey, Oregonian busi
ness manager since 1938. will suc
ceed publisher Palmer Hoyt, who
resigned yesterday to take a simi
lar position with the Denver Post,
a reliable source revealed tonight.
