# Untitled Article
## 
### 
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
JUST A REMINDER — Memorial
Chapel is being kept open Mon
day through Thursday evenings
from 5 until 8 for Stanford stu
dents.
