# Soap Box Comes To Life This Summer
## 
### 
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
DETROIT, Feb. 6 (UP). —The
All-American Soap Box Derby —
annual "auto racing" classic for
youngsters, suspended during the
war years — will be revived this
summer with the national finals at
Akron, 0., it was announced today.
Competition is open to all boys
between 11 and 15 years of age who
build their own coaster speedsters
at a cost of not more than $10.
