# CROTHERS HALL
## 
### 
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
John Chapman, president; Bob
Hurley, secretary-treasurer; Doug
Fendler, social chairman; Bruce
Bringgold and Jim Wisner, assist
ant social chairmen; Jim Halley,
intramural manager.
