# Cambridge Proctors May Ask to Meet "Girl-Friend"
## 
### 
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
Proctors of Cambridge University
have the right to demand an introduc
tion to any girl seen walking with a
student after dark on the campus, and
any hesitation will probably cause
trouble.
Another new rule requires all under
graduates to sign (heir names and
give the name of their college before
taking a punt or canoe on the river,
whether accompanied by a girl or not.
The undergraduates have fewer
regulations to comply with at Oxford
than at Cambridge.
