# INVESTING IN ART
## 
### 
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
Invest in art to make real money,
advises the Chicago Art Institute.
Three years ago, a Chicago waiter
bought a picture on the installment
plan through their individual service,
lie was recently offered twice the cost
price.
