# Wife of Stanford Medical Professor Dies Suddenly
## 
### 
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
Mrs. Joan Roone Langnecker, wife
of Dr. Harry Leslie Langnecker, '01,
Associate Clinical Professor of Sur
gery in the Stanford Medical School,
died suddenly last Tuesday night at
the family home, 1711 Webster street,
Palo Alto.,
Besides her husband she is survived
by a son and daughter, her mother,
and three sisters. Arrangements have
not yet been made for the funeral.
Before her marriage to Dr. Lang
necker in 1914 she was Joan Roone
Macdonald.
