# Daily Staff Meets Sunday at 12:30
## 
### 
A meeting of the editorial staff
of the Stanford Daily will be held
Sunday in the Shack at 12:.'10, ac
cording to Irma Cunha, editor.
Night editors will meet at 12, and
head copy editors at 12:15.
As this meeting will he the last
before the Daily stops publication
for the quarter, all staff members
arc required to attend. The final
plans for the staff picnic will be
made, and those who wish to par
ticipate must be present to sign
up. All points must be turned in
by Sunday so that the quarter's
points may be tallied.
Tests given last week to copy
readers and head copy editors will
be returned at the meting, and
those who did not take the lest
will have a chance to do so.
