# This Morning's Headlines
## FEPC Legislation 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23 {IP) â€”The
House refused a Southern bloc's bid
early today to adjourn and drove
ahead with consideration of a Fair
Employment Practice (FEPC) bill.
After having temporarily lost
control, supporters of the FEPC bill
regained the upper hand and beat
down, 239 to 165, a Southern Demo
cratic motion to end the session,
which started at noon Wednesday.
Had the motion carried, the bill
would have been shelved indefi
nitely.
The bill would set up a federal
commission empowered to prevent
discrimination in hiring or firing
bccausc of race, creed, or color. It
is one of the major measures in
President Truman's civil rights pro
gram.
