# CIO Union Votes To Resume Strike
## 
### 
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
PITTSBURG, Cal., Nov. 23 (UP).
—After a one-day truce, the Steel
Workers Organizing Committee
(CIO) today went on strike again at
Columbia Steel Company, biggest
steel plant in the West which holds
$5,000,000 in defense contracts.
Picket lines returned to the plant
and the company halted all opera
tions as the union membership, meet
ing at the Pittsburg Ball Park, re
jected a company wage proposal and
voted unanimously to resume the
strike.
