# GYMNASTS LOSE
## 
### 
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
Stanford's gymnasts lost a
dpuble-dual meet against Cali
fornia (31-97) and Sacramento
State ("47.5-80.5) in a contest at
Berkeley Friday.
