# Tryouts
## 
### 
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
1961-62 STUDENT FINANCIAL
>1 A NAG K K: Applications for
1961-62 student financial manager
are now available in the ASSU
Office. The successful applicant
will take office in September and
receive SIOO a month salary.
CHIEF OF STUDENT POLICE:
Applications for spring quarter
student police chief may be ob
tained at the ASSU Office. The
■salary is $125 a quarter.
