# New Property Being Improved.
## 
### 
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
Tlio owners of Stanford Park, the
newly opened tract of land adjoin
ing the university property, have
nearly completed the sewer and wa
ter mains and are having every im
provement made upon their land. The
lots are large and restrictions are
being imposed which Insure a high
class of residences upon the new
property.
