# Art Gallery to Exhibit Winslow Homer's Work
## 
### 
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
Stanford's Art Gallery will open
tomorrow with the third exhibit of
the year, showing 35 engravings
made after the work of WLnslow
Homer.
Homer was an American artist of

the Civil War period, noted for ma
rine and rustic plantation scenes.
The exhibit, selected by Lloyd
Goodrich, research curator of the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
will b" shown until Dec. 1.
