# New G.I's Still Qualify Under Bill
## 
### 
Oct. 5, 194(5, contrary to popular
impression, was not the deadline for
enlistment for men to be entitled to
the benefits of the G.I. Bill of
Rights.
The basis of this misunderstand
ing is that for purposes of admin
istration of this law, the war shall
not be considered terminated in the
case of an individual before the ter
mination of an enlistment entered
into on or before that date.
However, education provisions of
the G.I. Bill do apply to men who
enlist in the armed forces after Oct.
5 and before the termination of the
war is proclaimed.
Any man is eligible for these ben
efits provided he serves a minimum
of 90 days and iss honorably dis
charged. or if less than 90 days, is
discharged by reason of actual
Service-incurred injury or disabil
ity. The 90-day qualifying period
need not be completed prior to the
termination of the war, but may
include service extending beyond
that time.
The amount of education to which
a man is entitled after discharge is
equal to one year plus the time
served during the period from Sept.
16. 1940, to the termination of the
war.
