# Thiele Tournament Begins Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
The tennis tournament for the Thiele
Trophy will commence tomorrow af
ternoon at three o'clock. All en
trants should be there if possible.
Those who do not report at that time
should see H. L. Halin. '16, tennis
captain, as soon as they can. to ar
range the time for their matches.
