# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
Students, Attention!
Stamp Foios
25c
4 POSITIONS 4= S
Wo have been fortu
nate in engaging tre
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMIt, lute of the
Haussler Studio, San
.Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons to take anvan
tage of the offer.
