# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
With the showing made at the
preliminary contests in the try-out
for the Car not debating team we
have reason to take encouragement
from the material at hand. Prob
ably never before has such interest
been taken in the first try-outs as
has been shown this year. This is
encouraging, and if the same inter
est continues throughout the re
maining debates, we will have a
strong team to represent us in the
next debating contest. The fact
that two of last year's team are
still in the University and will con
test for places this year has not
lessened the number of candidates,
but has probably given an added
interest to the debates. Those who
took part in the debates are to be
congratulated for theexcellentbhow
ing they made, and it is to be
hoped that those who were success
ful in gaining places in the finals
will not suffer their interest to
flag.
