# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
Now . . .
Spring isn't so very far
away . . .
And it's high time to re
bel once in a while . . .
Against rules and regu
lations . . .
And programs for study.
When you do feel that
way, come down and get
a book . . .
You may buy it, or take
it from the lending li
brary or you may just
browse around . . .
But, anyway, come down
THE
A lc o v e
542 RAMONA ST.
