# TRI-MOTORED RACER SEEKS RECORD
## 
### 

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.

The 36-cylinder Triplex owned by J. M. White, Philadelphia sportsman, which set the world's rec
ord of 207.69 miles an hour when driven by Ray Keech at Daytona Beach, is being prepared for
another speed attempt at the international speed trials in March.
