# JUNIOR CLASS PLANS MEETING THIS NOON
## 
### 
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
The Junior Class will hold an im
portant meeting today at 1 o'clock in
Room 214, according to George Bodle,
class president.
Griffith Williams will give a report
on the Junior Opera, "Moving On."
Williams, with committees, will do
the adapting of the music. Music is
now being contributed for the opera
and anyone wishing to contribute may
do so. William Freeman, treasurer,
will give a financial report and the
class will vote on dues.
