# S.A.E. FOUNDER HONORED
## 
### 
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Jan. 30. (/P) —A
memorial to Noble Leslie Devotie,
founder of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity, will be erected over his
grave here in Linwood cemetery, ao
cording to a record filed here yester
day.
