# THREE WOMEN FINED
## 
### 
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
At Women's Council meeting Wed
nesday afternoon three women were
fined a total of $26, and ono woman
assigned three hours of work at the
Convalescent Home, for traffic viola
tions.
