# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
Men's U<*st Home—Oliver Jones,
Robert Griflith, Ned Cherry, Ray
mond Hopper, Edmund Lennig, Ar
thur Kendall.
Women's Itest Home—Sally Bau,
Jean Greenlee, Carolyn Davis, Bar
bara Bridge, Susan Wrinkle, Lou
Anne Margraves.

Isolation Hospital—William Lund,
Peter LaTourrette, Clyde Emery.
Palo Alio Hospital—Wesley Gar
diner, Nathan Topol, John Bergin
ger, Rose Marie Miller, Richard An
derson, Nancy Roselyn, Frank C.
Jacklieh Jr., Patricia Walters.
