# ASSOCIATED PRESS BULLETIN
## 
### 
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
Unofficial reports from the Ori
ent stated that a militarist coup
d'etat seized control of the Japa
nese Government after assassinat
ing several political leaders.
Premier Kaisuki Okada, Home
Minister Goto, and Minister of
Finance Viscount Korckiyo Taka
hashi were among those reported
slain. Japanese quarters in Shang
hai reported that the coup was
carried out by revolting Tokyo in
fantry forces, who occupied homes
of ministers and police stations.
Marshall law has been pro
claimed throughout Japan, it was
reported.
