# Truman Says Ike Running Scared'
## 
### 
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
MONESSEN. Pa.. Oct. 0 (tJPi
Former President Truman said
tonight "the tide is running
strong for the Democrats, and
Ike is running scared for the Re
publicans."
