# Quad Will Take Brainier Pictures
## 
### 
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
The camera eye will be upon
Branner freshmen today as they
have Quad pictures taken at the
Wilbur Administration Building.
Gary Willcuts, Quad editor, in
announcing the picture schedule,
asked that all women wear- white
blouses with sleeves or white
sweaters. He added that the pic
tures cost $1.25.
The editor said that Thursday
Stern freshmen and off-campus
freshmen will be photographed.
