# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
To stimulate spring sales
in our Stationery Depart
ment we offer, for April,
some very attractive re
ductions in
ENGRAVING
DIE STAMPING
FLAT PRINTING
And many lines of
Stanford Stationery
An opportunity to antici
pate your needs for the
entire year
David Keeble
323 University
Phone P.A. 4204
