# Farm Drive Heads To Report Results
## 
### 
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
Officials connected with I.he Stan
ford Fund drive and Senior drive
for the Stanford Fund will meet in
the office of Robert "Bones" Ham
ilton, alumni secretary, to make re
ports, compile results, and release
a joint announcement today at 4:30
Those present, will include, be
sides Hamilton, Dave Jacobson, as
sistant director of the Stanford
Fund; Templeton Peek of the Stan
ford Associates; Senior President
Bob Livingston; and Stan Swafford,
chairman of the senior drive; plus
sub-chairmen of the groups.
