# Student Fees May Be Upped
## $70,000 Salary Raise For Professors Due 
### 
About $70,000 will bo raised either
by subscription or by increases in
student fees so that faculty salaries
may be restored to the level main
tained before May of the depression
year 1933, according to an announce
ment made by the Board of Trustees
after its latest meeting March 21.
Cut by 10 per cent in 1933, salaries
have had some return in the years
since 1935, but salaries for the cur
rent academic year are still 5 per
cent under pre-depression amounts.
President Wilbur, who made the
announcement for the board, ex
plained that this action was taken
although there is a deficit in the
income of the university, due to the
lowered interest rates.
The Board of Trustees will decide
on a definite program for raising the
money at their next, meeting April
18. The full amount includes some
"unavoidable deficits" and will be
raised either by a subscription drive
among alumni and friends of the
University or by raising registration
and other fees paid by the students,
or both.
