# FLYING MOTORCYCLE TESTED
## 
### 

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."

NEW ARMY PLANE that "takes off on a dime" hovers in the air, and stops ten feet after the wheels
touch the ground is being tested by the Army at San Diego. Calif. With a wing span of 50 feet, it can
climb at a 60-dogree angle. It is called the "flying motorcycle."
