# Almon Roth Will Discuss 'Labor Ills'
## Former Comptroller First Lecture Series Speaker for Quarter 
### 
Almon E. Roth, president of San
Francisco Employers' Council, will
♦pen the Tuesday Evening Series for
spring quarter tonight with a dis
cussion of "Labor Ills—Their Causes
and Possible Remedies," at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall.
Mr. Roth, former comptroller of
the University, left Stanford in
1937 to become president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
Association and at the same time
served as president of the Pacific
American Shipowners' Association.
While serving in these capacities,
he organized the Waterfront Em
ployers Association of the Pacific
Coast.
QUIZZED BY PROFESSORS
In 1938 Mr. Roth was made presi
dent of the San Francisco Employ
ers' Council which was formed to
secure collective action by employ
ers and groups of employers and es
tablish wage and working stand
ards.
At the conclusion of his talk, Mr.
Roth will be asked questions by
Professors Bernard F. Haley, Paul
Eliel, and James Brenner. The au
dience will also be given an oppor
tunity to question the speaker.
APPEARED ON RADIO
Recently Mr. Roth has been ad
dressing California communities on
labor problems and on February 22
he appeared in Chicago at the Town
I Meeting of the Air.
As one of the organizers, Mr. Roth
has been active in the Palo Alto
Rotary Club. He served as president
in 1930-31.
