# Craig to Play For Encinamen
## 'Sailor's Life' Dance To Be Open to Public 
### 
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
Now that Stanfordites are back on
the Farm, Eneina club officers are
going to give them a chance at mari
time antics with their annual Prom
scheduled April 12.
Theme for the dance will be "A
Sailor's Life for Me." Encina lobby
will be made up as an undersea
grotto, without the water.
General plans for the dance were
completed yesterday with the an
nouncement of the signing of Carvel
Craig, popular Coast band, for the
affair. Bids will sell for $2 per
couple.
The Prom will be tKe first public
affair to be given by Encina Hall,
last year's dance being private. Bill
Kroener and Eob Blake are co
chairmen, and have announced that
business suits for men will be in
order.
Ralph Schaffarzick has been ap
pointed decorations chairman, and
work has already been started on
decorations.
