# Horpel Wins Wrestling Award
## 
### 
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
Chris Horpel was recently
named Bay Area Wrestler of
the Year by area
sportswriters. The 150-pound
junior was chosen in part
because of his fifth place
finish at the NCAA
championships last month.
Horpel was also named
Stanford's most valuable
wrestler by his teammates
and coach at the team's
awards banquet Wednesday
night. At the banquet, John
Govea was named the team's
outstanding freshman
wrestler, while Emmett
Stanton won the award as the
team's most improved
wrestler.
