# Untitled Article
## 
### 

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"

" —Oh, nuttin' much Fred, buddy, jus' sittin' 'round the house
reading —say, how'd you like me to get you a date with that
cute little phys. ed. instructor you were ravin' about!"
