# Hours Fixed For Guest Swimming At Women's Pool
## 
### 
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
Free swimming hours for fall
quarter are Monday through Friday
from 4 to 5 p.m. and Monday
through Thursday from 5 to G.
On Sunday the pool is open to
women students and their guests
from 1 to 4 p.m. This week there
will be no dressing rooms provided
for the men because the gym is
being used, but after this Sunday
men will be able to change at the
gym.
