# MUSSOLINI IN FIERY SPEECH BEFORE FASCISTS
## 
### 

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)

Premier Benito Mussolini is shown as he exhorted Italian fascists to a continuance of their present
Urogram before a crowd of 25,000 in Rome. His speech marked the tenth anniversary of the fascist gath
ering in Milan for the "March on Pome" of 1922. (Associated Press Photo)
