# KILLED IN BUS CRASH
## 
### 
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 10 (/P)
—Robert M. Gillette, 23, of Holly
wood, was killed today when his
automobile struck a school bus near
Pismo Beach. Mrs. Clyde Hedding,
bus driver, and the one child pas
senger, escaped with minor hurts.
