# WOOD NEEDED
## 
### 
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
Anyone who is able to con
tribute wood or other fuel for
lie Big Game bonfire is asked to
send his name and address im
mcdiately to the A.S.S.U. office
in the Old Union. A truck will
be sent at once to call for the
materials.
