# Executive Committee Meeting.
## 
### 
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
The meeting of the Executive
Committee last night was devoted
mainly to a discussion of the prep
arations for the intercollegiate
football game. The sum of $15
was appropriated for the purpose
of providing a supper for the mem
bers of the University Band after
the game. The student body
treasurer reported that the Tennis
Club was now actively at work col
lecting subscriptions for the pay
ment of the debt on the new court.
