# Freshman Sweaters.
## 
### 
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
The Freshman football sweaters
will probably arrive tomorrow
afternoon, but in case they are de
layed the members of the team will
receive them in San Francisco Sat
urday morning.
