# The 						Daily Needs You!
## 
### 
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
Travel to exciting far-off
campus places; contact with
brilliant and fascinating
people; intriguing, rewarding
work; and even financial
reward await the man or
woman who decides to offer
his/her services to the Daily.
There is a variety of
challenging jobs available to
match the particular interests

of each talented individual.
No experience necessary. Join
Today . . .at 4:30 p.m. in the
Daily office of the Storke
Publications Building, at
which time a general meeting
is being held in an attempt to
organize the staff, both old
and new, for the new quarter.
COME!
