# Gymnasts make U.S. team
## 
### Mark Smoyer Senior staff writer 
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
Two members of the Stan
ford men's gymnastics team
made the U.S. National Team
over the weekend as the Car
dinal served notice that it
would once again be among the
the best of collegiate gymnas
tics.
Freshman Tim Ryan placed
fifth and junior Conrad
Voorsanger placed ninth at the
Winter Nationals in Colorado
Springs to become part of the
12-man U.S. squad. Of the four
gymnasts who placed ahead of
Ryan, only one is a collegian
and the other three were mem
bers of the summer Olympic

team. "This is a stepping
stone to our future," Head
Coach Sadao Hamada said.
"We're definitely showing some
progress. .. .We've been focus
sing on this meet since July."
Junior Charles Loop placed
19th to round out an impres
sive Stanford contingent of top
-20 performers. Junior Adam
Forman placed 23rd despite a
recent illness that forced him
to miss a week of practice.
Hamada said senior Andy Ropp
also would have placed among
the top 20 had he not ag
gravated an ankle injury late
in the competition.
Stanford finished fourth at
the NCAA Championships last
year.
