# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cotton, president of the graduating
class, is nineteen yearn old and bears
the distinction of being the youngest
person on whom his Alma Mater has
conferred an A. H., and with Miss
Waves ho shares the honor of first com
pleting the regular course in three
years.
Cotton, president of the graduating
class, is nineteen yearn old and bears
the distinction of being the youngest
person on whom his Alma Mater has
conferred an A. H., and with Miss
Waves ho shares the honor of first com
pleting the regular course in three
years.
Cotton, president of the graduating
class, is nineteen yearn old and bears
the distinction of being the youngest
person on whom his Alma Mater has
conferred an A. H., and with Miss
Waves ho shares the honor of first com
pleting the regular course in three
years.
