# D.C. Applicants To Consult Files
## 
### 
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
All Stanford-in-Washington ap
plicants designating congres
sional or senatorial positions as
first choice or having special
congressional or senatorial con
tacts should consult the card file
at Bowman alumni house, ac
cording to Stefan Halper. Appli
cants should indicate those of
fices to wldch their applications
have IxH'ii sent.
