# Senator To Speak To Stanford YR's
## 
### 
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
Colorado Senator Peter H.
Dominick, Republican, will be
the guest of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans tonight at a
special reception in Woodside.
All members of the YR's and
their guests are invited.
Senator Dominick has served
in the Senate for four years,
during which time he was
named the Press Gallery's can
didate for the outstanding fresh
man senator and selected in a
poll of the Washington Press
Corps as one of the ten most
outstanding new members of
Congress.
Before his election to the Sen
ate, Dominick served one term
as congressman from the sec
ond district and four years in
the Colorado House of Repre
sentatives. He received his A.B.

and LL.B. degrees from Yale
University.
Dominick is in the Stanford
area to address the main lun
cheon of the Western States Col
lege Young Republican Conven
tion tomorrow in San Mateo. Six
Stanford students will be dele
gates to the convention. Tomor
row evening he will fly to San
Diego to speak at the Republi
can State Central Committee
Convention.
Tonight's reception will begin
at 9:15 and will be held at
"Blackacre," 205 Winding Way,
Woodside. Suggested directions
are: Go out Sand Hill Road
three miles to Manzanita (one
block past Whiskey Hill Road),
turn right on Manzanita and go
one mile to Winding Way, take
a sharp left, and drive one block.
