# 'Y' Group to Hear German Doctor
## 
### 
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
Dr. Suzanne Engleman will be the
guest speaker at the Y.W.C.A. fresh
man discussion group which will
meet tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Engle
man, formerly the head of a girl's
school in Germany, will talk on
"The Golden Horn to the Golden
Gate." The meeting will be under
the direction of Virginia Stamfield
i and Peggy Shaw.
