# Dr. Chapin Finds Hawaii Like U.S.
## 
### 
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
"I was suiprisod to find Hawaii so |
much like the mainland," said Dr. i
Chapin, debating adviser at Stan- |
ford, who is visiting professor of
English at the University of Ha
waii. Chapin's statement appeared
recently in the U. of H. student
newspa per.
Dr. Chapin went, on to say that
"Debating is a student activity that
has more carry over than any other
activity. It is an intellectual sport
that every student in the University
should enjoy."
All three of the Stanford debate j
teams which came to Hawaii in
1934, '37, and '39 were coached by j
Dr. Chapin. He has also coached a |
Stanford good-will team which ,
toured Central America three years \
ago, and the teams that debated j
Cambridge and Edinburgh universi- |
ties in Great Britain over trans- j
Atlantic radio hook-ups.
