# Names Senior Auditing Committee.
## 
### 
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
F. W. Turner, president of the
Senior class, has appointed a com
mittee, composed of A. A. Murphy,
chairman, N. A. Johnson and G. C.
Coe, to audit the books of the class
treasurer.
