# Money Made on Football Trip.
## 
### 
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
The Vancouver trip of the varsity
Rugby squad as a financial venture
proved satisfactory. The guarantee
advanced by the Northern athletes
and the excellent attendance at all
of the matches more than covered
the expenses incurred by the squad
during their stay in Vancouver and
en route to and from the Campus.
Manager Knupp of the Student Body
reports that a small amount was
cleared on the trip.
