# Art Exhibit
## 
### 
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
"An Exhibit of Classical
Chinese Paintings" by Mr. &
Mrs. .Johnson S.S. Chow will
be on display at the
International Center through
this Friday. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Chow are natives of
China who have studied the
art of Chinese painting for
nearly forty years.
