# Rebates Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
Tomorrow is the last day for
turning in rebate slips at the
Stanford Bookstore. Receipts must
be in the special envelopes avail
able at the Bookstore now. Divi
dends will be paid in the Book
store oflice on-or before June 1(1.
