# AKL Injured in Parking Lot Spill
## 
### 
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
Martin Herzstein, Alpha Kappa
Lambda, was injured in an accidenl
at the Woodpecker Lodge parking
lot Wednesday night at 9:15.
Stanford police reported that lie
tried to jump into a moving cat
driven by Belton Fleisher and
failed. Fleisher made a left-hand
turn before Herzstein was seated
and the would-be passenger was
hurled out.
Herzstein was treated for bruises
and abrasions at the Palo Alto Hos
pital and released.
