# U.C.L.A. TICKETS
## 
### 
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
Today is the Final Day for
purchasing of Student Rooter
Tickets to the U.C.L.A. Game
on Oct. 24th, The remaining
tickets are on sale from 8 to
5:00 at the Ticket Window in
the Athletic Dept.
