# Witnesses to Talk On Greek Politics
## 
### 
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
Eye-witness explanations of the i
confusing political situation in mod
ern Greece will be explained at an i
open meeting next Sunday at 3 p.m. |
by Professor Jerzy Neyman, Univer
sity of California, and Professor |
John Ross, San Francisco Junior ,
College, both of whom served until '
recently us government representa- I
tives in Greece.
The open air gathering will be j
held at the home of Mrs. Valada
Bryanf, 345 Coleridge avenue, with
an admission charge of 50 cents.
Guests may bring picnic lunches
and coffee will be served.
