# 'Freedom... Unity' Goal of Indians
## 
### 
"Our cry is freedom and unity!"
With those words Raghu Prasad.
Indian student, last night summed
up the aspirations of the Indian
people.
Speaking before the Stanford |
chapter of the American Veterans
Committee, Prasad described offers
by Britain of independence for In
dia as "eyewash for the people." He
admitted, however, Britain's pres
ent Labor government may be more
sincere in its offers.
Prasad was assisted in an infor
mal question period which followed
his talk by two other Indian stu
dents, Harbana Lall and V. G. Jhin
gran.
The Indians said they were among
the first students from their coun
try ever allowed to study in the
United States. When they applied
for passports and visas, they said,
the first question they were asked
was "Why do you want to go to â– 
America instead of England?"
The AVC last night elected Saul
Stolbof chairman of its program
committee, and Karl Price head- of
the membership and publicity com
mittee. It decided to hold no more
meetings this quarter.
