# SPORTS EDITION MONDAY
## 
### 
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
The sports staff of the Daily will
put out a special edition Monday
morning covering the sports situa
tion at Stanford and the return of
the Indians to Pacific Coast foot
ball.
