# Slays 74 Nazis
## 
### 

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.

RUSSIAN Marine Konstantine
Konstantinov is only 18, but he
has been fighting Nazis for more
than a year. He was recently
awarded the Order of the Red
Banner for valor in machine
gunning 74 Germans at Lenin
grad.
