# Y.W.C.A. Secures Dr. Guy.
## 
### 
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
Dr. Guy of Berkeley, who has lived
some time in Tokio, will speak of his
experiences in Japan at the regular
vespers of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association to-morrow afternoon.
The meeting will be in the Vestry at
four-thirty.
