# Debates Reach Final Rounds
## 
### 
The last quarter-final debate in
the All-University tournament spon
sored by Delta Sigma Rho will be
held today between the teams of
Roger Boas and Jim Kessler, and
Bonner Richardson and Frank Bin
ney. The three other semi-finalist
teams have already been deter
mined, since the teams Jim Frolik
and Shorty Grannis, and Larry Wer
ner and Leonard Low won their
quarter-final debates, while Bill
Hornby and Bill Eberle drew a bye.
Tuesday evening two Stanford
teams debated the San Francisco
chapter of the American Institute of
Bankers. Grannis and Frolik had a
non-decision debate on the negative
at Stanford* while Werner and Low
won on the affirmative in San Fran
cisco. The debates were on the
question of an international organi
zation based on the eight points.
