# FOX BACK
## 
### 
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
Ervin "Pete" Fox. former outfielder
of the Boston Red Sox, signed an
other contract with them recently.
He played brilliant ball for the Sox
at the end of last season.

Marv Gilburg and Gale Bishop,
Washington State's two lanky for
wards, are leading the P.C.C. North
ern Division individual scoring sta
tistics with 113 and 104 points, re
spectively.
