# Frosh Lose $34 In Encina Theft
## 
### 
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
The local series of burglaries
continued this week as Bison Fin
deisen, freshman, reported $27 was
stolen from his room in Encina yes
terday.
The burglar also took $7 from the
wallet of Findeisen's roommate, Don
Ayers. t
