# UNIVERSITY CLUB HONORS DR. BRANNER AT BANQUET
## 
### 
President Branner was the guest of
honor at a banquet given by the Uni
versity Club of San Francisco at its
club house in the city last Friday
evening. There were about a hundred
guests present, among whom were
Mayor Rolph of San Francisco, Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of Califor
nia, and Honorable Horace Davis,
Timothy Hopkins, W. M. Newhall, and
H. C. Hoover, representing the trus
tees of Stanford. A number of the
members of the Stanford faculty were
at the dinner, including J. M. Still
man, Professor C. D. Marx, Dr. Frank
Angell, Professor C. B. Wing, Profes
sor D. H. Campbell, Professor R. E.
Allardice, Dr. R. L. Wilbur, Dr. Emmet
Rixford, Dr. Thomas Addis, Professor
J. PP. Mitchel and Professor F. C.
Woodward. ,
Announcement that Dr. Branner had
become a member of the University
Club, was received with,enthusiasm,
and the President responded to his
cordial reception with an eloquent and
witty speech. President Wheeler also
spoke, paying a high tribute to the
character and ability of President
Branner, and prophesying a continu
ance of the friendly cooperation
which has characterized the relations
of the two favorites in the past.
Horace Davis also addressed the gath
ering.
