# Art Club To Hold Picnic.
## 
### 
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
Yesterday afternoon *hcre was a
meeting of the Art Club at the stu
dio. Plans were made for the ron
tmuation of the work of fitting up
the old studio, and it was decided to
cur,duct a picnic supper Wednesday
for the benefit of all art students.
