# Dr. Jordan Writes Paper on Trout
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
Dr. Jordan has written a paper on
'The Golden Trout of the Sierras"
which will he read for him at a na
tional convention of anglers, to be
held in New York, November 11. Dr.
Jcrdan himself will not be present at
this meeting, but will go East a lit
tle later in November, to be present
ar the meeting of the Carnegie Foun
d; tion, Nov. 20.
