# PROFESSOR R.W. DOANE VISITS SAMOAN ISLANDS
## STANFORD EXPERT WAGES WAR WITH INSECT PEST Entomological Department Receives Valuable Collections of South Sea Insects. 
### 
Professor R. W. Doane of the Ento
mology department lias just recently
returned from a three-month's trip
among the Saraoan Islands, where he
was invited by the leading planters of
the colony to assist them in a battle
against a vicious cocoanut pest, the
rhinocerous beetle, lie was accom
panied by Mrs. Doane and their son
Donald.
Professor Doane made his head
quarters at Apia, in German Samon,
and engaged in several collecting ex
peditions about the various islands.
In addition to liis work in connection
with the extermination of the deadly
beetle, he made an interesting collec
tion of specimens from the bug world
for the Stanford entomological de
partment. lie made a very thorough
study of the fruit flics of the South
Seas in the interest of the State
Hoard of Agriculture, and devised
means for their being kept from en
tering the state.
The cocoanut planters owe him an
everlasting debt of gratitude for his
invaluable suggestions regarding the
extinction of the rhinocerous beetle.
This dangerous member of the beetle
family derives its name from the for
midable horn which extends from its
beak. The insect is about an inch and
a half long. It burrows into the ten
der buds of the cocoanut palm and
several beetles can destroy a young
tree. Professor Doane's method of
killing the species is to attack their
larvas, which breed in dead stumps
and cocoanut logs. The success of
this plan was assured before the pro
fessor left the islands, and he says
that the planters will soon hold the
upper hand in the war against the
pest. â€¢
