# Will Entertain In Palo Alto.
## 
### 
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
Y. M. C. A. members are invited to
attend an informal interchurch stag
meeting which will be held Saturday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Presby
terian church of Palo Alto. The af
fair is in charge of M. T. Rodig, '13,
the chairman of the Church Affiliation
Committee, and is designed to afford
the new members an opportunity of
becoming acquainted with each other.
