# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
W.H. Newman, '12, varsity two-miler
and holder of the Pacific Coast record
in '08 and '09, is proprietor and gen
eral manager of the Silsbee Mercantile
Co., at Silsbee, in Imperial valley.
