# Farm Folks Welcomed Tomorrow
## 
### 
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
Stanford’s Eighth Annual Par
ents’ Day will show Stanford and
Stanford life to parents of new
students tomorrow with an all
day program featuring academics,
•living groups and football.
Parents will be welcomed at
Memorial Auditorium by Presi
dent J. E. Wallace Sterling and
ASSU President Robert Sayler.
Dr. H. Donald Winbigler will
chairman a panel discussing aca
demic life.

After touring the campus and
living groups, the parents will be
served a box lunch at Bowman
Alumni House and will then be
taken to the Stanford-San Jose
State football game.
A reception at the home of
President and Mrs. Sterling will
follow.
