# Adv. 17 Page 15
## 
### 
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Antiwar.com wants wise & witty
quotes pertaining to war, from
personalities past and present.
Send quotes, their originators,
documentation, your name and
contact info today: top 3
contributors receive $45 in gift
certificates to Starbucks, Cold
Stone and Kepler's. Reply to:
austin@antiwar.com
7'VYflaUi? a ?
AUTOS
94 Ford Exp. XLT 4wd; nu tires;
11 OK frwy mi; mech ex.; loaded;
Ithr; $4200 080 408-734-5072
92 Ford Taurus, under 100k miles
$1,250 contact cell 617-359-9861
2000 Red Jetta — only 17 k miles
perfect cond., double air bags,
6 cd changer, $11,800. 906-7805
r
CHILDCARE
Afternoon care for our 5 year
old daughter and 10 year old son
while they participate in swim
team and enjoy the summer. 12-7
M-F, (fewer days + part-time in
school year possible). On-campus
Please email mendel@stanford.edu
Babysitter/nanny wanted for fun
2yr old in Palo Alto; afternoons
650-322-8465 or e-mail
lisa@eclipticsys.com
