# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
HOW LONG
Columbia's new LP attach
ment with automatic chang
er plays 4 or 5 hours non
stop—enough to accompany
a whole week—we mean
evening's—studying.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
383 University
