# CHURCH COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
Anyone interested in serving on
the Church Committee come to the
vestry of the church between 3 and
5 this afternoon.
