# Fijis Rapped In Washington
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 3 (UP)â€”Social
privileges of Phi Gamma Delta
(Fiji) fraternity at the University
of Washington were suspended for
the school year today for what was
described as "unpremeditated van
dalism" in a sorority house.
The Inter-Fraternity Council said
that members of the fraternity were
responsible for breaking into the
Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority Sept.
24, tramping down drapes, and
smearing ice and white powder over
rugs and furniture.
Ernie Sherman, president of the
Council, said it was a yearly tradi
tion to carry ice to the sorority and
mark the word "ice" on the house.
"But matters got out of hand," he
said.
The penalties were believed the
heaviest ever made against a fra
ternity at Washington,
