# DEBATING CLAUSE RATIFIED.
## Approved by the Representatives of Stanford and California. 
### 
The new debating agreement to
govern the intercollegiate debates
between Stanford and California,
which was tentatively drafted sev
eral weeks ago by representatives
of the two universities, has been
formally ratified by the governing
bodies of the two schools and will
be entered as a regular section in
the intercollegiate agreement.
The Stanford delegates proposed,
at the suggestion of the Executive
Committee and the Faculty Com
mitteeon Literary Contests, thatthe
old agreement be amended in sev
eral particulars. The California
delegates submitted these amend
ments to their faculty committee,
and all but the provision for an
admission fee at the debates were
accepted.
The agreement just entered into
will remain in force until the first
Saturday in February, 1908. The
main provisions therein are, that
any student shall be eligible to de
bate who has not yet received a
bachelor's degree, that a list of
judges shall be submitted each year
by the university which does not
submit the question, that the ques
tion shall be chosen alternately by
either university, and that the de
bates shall be held alternately on
the university campuses.
California will furnish a question
this year and Stanford will have
the choice of sides. The debate
will be held in Assembly Hall the
night of the intercollegiate meet.
