# Report on Track Fund Monday.
## 
### 
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
Treasurer 11. VV. Barrett is mak
ing up his accounts of the collec
tions of the special track assess
ment. Me will submit a detailed
report Monday.
