# Try-out Progressing for Chess Meet.
## 
### 
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
The try-out for the intercollegi
ate chess team, which has been
running since January 22d, will be
terminated within three weeks.
Fourteen members of theChessClub
are trying out, and the seven who
make the highest Bcores will repre
sent Stanford against the Univer
sity of California, the eighth man
being chosen as alternate. The
Chess Club is now negotiating with
the California players in regard to
the place and time for the intercol
legiate tournament. The Stanford
men wish the contest to he played
here either the night before the sec
ond intercollegiate baseball game,
which occurs on April 14th, or the
night before the field meet, which
falls on April 21st. But as the
California players are desirous of
holding the tournament in Berke
ley, there is much uncertainty con
cerning the date on which the rival
teams will meet.
