# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
NOW <>\ SALE—
Chase & Co., Xcw Haven, Conn.,
'<>8, Varsity Straw Hats. Also Pem
berton, Regent Square, London, Eng
land. J. L. Simpson, Sole Agent for
Palo Alto.
