# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
Six hundred men participated in
Harvard's annual relay carnival this
spring.
