# Song for Thanksgiving Souvenir.
## 
### 
The student body management
announces that the prize of ten dol
lars offered fora football song for
the Thanksgiving souvenir has been
awarded to Wallace A. Jrwin. 1900,
for his song, "When (Stanford He
gins to Score."
The student body management
announces that the prize of ten dol
lars offered fora football song for
the Thanksgiving souvenir has been
awarded to Wallace A. Jrwin. 1900,
for his song, "When (Stanford He
gins to Score."
The student body management
announces that the prize of ten dol
lars offered fora football song for
the Thanksgiving souvenir has been
awarded to Wallace A. Jrwin. 1900,
for his song, "When (Stanford He
gins to Score."
The student body management
announces that the prize of ten dol
lars offered fora football song for
the Thanksgiving souvenir has been
awarded to Wallace A. Jrwin. 1900,
for his song, "When (Stanford He
gins to Score."
The student body management
announces that the prize of ten dol
lars offered fora football song for
the Thanksgiving souvenir has been
awarded to Wallace A. Jrwin. 1900,
for his song, "When (Stanford He
gins to Score."
