# POLICE BLOTTER
## 
### IVY NGUYEN DESK EDITOR 
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
This report covers a selection of
incidents from May 17 to May 21 as
recorded in the Stanford Depart
ment of Public Safety bulletin.
During this period, a number of
bikes, laptops and iPhones were
stolen on campus. Several instances
of vandalism also occurred
throughout campus.

TUESDAY, MAY 17
■ Between 9:30 p.m. the previous
day and 8 a.m. today, somebody
at Sigma Chi vandalized four
couches using paint.

■ Between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
someone vandalized a portable
battery charger for a rented golf
cart at Roble Hall.

■ Between 9:30 a.m. and 5:25 p.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
railing of a stairwell at Knight
Management Center.

■ Between 6:30 p.m. and 12 a.m., a
U-locked bike was stolen from the
bike racks at Wilbur Hall.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
■At 3:02 a.m., a man was stopped
for driving at an unsafe speed in
the Roble Hall parking lot and ar
rested for driving under the influ
ence.

■ Between 5:30 and 6:30 p.m., an un
attended laptop was stolen from
the Packard Building.

THURSDAY, MAY 19
■ A laptop was stolen from Old
Union between 8:20 p.m. and mid
night, officially making laptop
stealing a trend.
■ At 11:45 p.m., a woman at Arguel
lo Mall and Bowdoin Lane was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail and booked for public intoxi
cation.
FRIDAY, MAY 20
■At 2:30 a.m., a man at Mayfield
Avenue and Campus Drive was
transported to the San Jose Main
Jail for public intoxication.

■ Between 2:20 and 2:30 p.m., an un
attended bike was stolen from in
front of the Arrillaga Recreation
Center.

■ Between 8:20 p.m. and midnight, a
laptop was stolen from Old
Union.

■At 10 p.m. at Serra Street and
Buckeye Lane, a bicyclist collided
with another cyclist at the San
Jose Bike Party event and was
transported to the medical center
for treatment.

■ At 11:30 p.m., someone entered a
room at Kappa Alpha and stole a
laptop.

SATURDAY, MAY 21
■ Between 6 p.m. yesterday and 1
a.m. today, someone entered an
unattended room in Xanadu and
stole a computer and a purse dur
ing a house party.
