# Fifty Cent Dues Will Be Levied on Freshmen
## 
### 
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
\lihs Grace Cuthbertson, treasurer of
the freshman class, announces that in
order to meet the hundred-dollar appro
priation to the University of Washing
ton, a class assessment of fifty cents
must he laid upon every member of the
class. No assessment was levied upon
the class last quarter. Miss Cuthbert
son will appoint a committee of both
men and women to assist her, and has
asked all members to pay their dues
promptly.
