# Varsity to Meet Winged "O" Nine
## Cardinals Will Clash With Olympic Ball Club on Stanford Field 
### 
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
Stanford and California freshmen and
the Varsity against the Olympic club
will be the program for the double
header tomorrow afternoon on the base
ball field. The freshmen will start at
2:01) and the Varsity-Olympic contest
will be played immediately afterward.
The Varsity game against the Olympic
club should be a good contest, as the
Cardinal men have found their batting
eyes and arc pounding the ball for
safeties. Gallowaj will probably be
back in the game at shortstop, and Xew
land and Pelouze will pitch with cither
Stewart or liundy working behind the
bat.
i he Winged O men have a strong bat
tery in Mollis and Anfinson. Mollis has
pitched professional ball for a number
of seasons and Anfinson is an expe
rienced catcher. I'urr will play first
base. J. Kennedy will occupy second,
Markowitz will hold down third and
Maloney will play short. In the out
field, Kellev will play left, K. Kennedy
will play center and Rippon will occupy
the right garden.
Undergraduates will In- admitted free
to both games. Mel Pratt will officiate
;i- umpire for both contests.
