# Adv. 40 Page 13
## 
### 
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
dy^yfore
couples
com*' to
(!arl\ It*
Jrwclrr*
lor the '
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for trie
same fine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
uirhi/c
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
