# LAST DAILY
## 
### 
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
This dead week issue will be
the last issue of the Daily
during the spring quarter.
The Daily will be published
semi-weeklv during the
summer. The first issue will
be June 25.
