# Frosh Netmen Wallop CCSF
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman tennis team
wen their opening match of the
season yesterday afternoon by
trouncing City College of San Fran
cisco 8-1 on the local courts.
Jackie Douglas of Stanford, third
ranking junior's player, easily won
the feature singles match by smash
ing Alan Matsumoto, 6-0, 6-1. The
closest match ol the afternoon was
Bob Bowden's three set victory
over Les Jacobson, 6-2, 6-8, 6-4.
Other results: Bob Shelor (S) de
feated Robert Chrisman, 6-3, 6-3;
Gene Nebeker (S) defeated Ed
Wong 6-1, 6-3; Shaun Corrette (S)
defeated Lee Anderson 6-1, 6-0.
Douglas - Bowden *(S) defeated
Matsumoto-Jacobson, 6-1, 6-3; Shel
or-Nebeker (S) defeated Russell
Yee-Chi'isman, 6-1, 6-1; Corrette-
Graves (S) defeated Anderson-
Tseng, 6-2, 6-2.
