# Psychologist Will Analyze Mystery Story
## 
### 
"Analysis of the Uncanny and the
Mystery Story," the second in the
annual scries of Gitnbel Lectures on
Sex Psychology, will be presented
by Dr. Martin Grotjahn this after
noon at 4 in Cubberlcy Auditorium.
Grotjahn, prominent Southern
California psychiatrist, will give
three additional lectures of a clinical

nature today, tomorrow, and Thurs
day at 1 p.m. in Lane Hall at the
Stanford School of Medicine in San
Francisco.
The lectures are designed for
members of the medical profession
and other interested persons. Stan
ford and the University of Califor
nia arc sponsoring the talks.
Dr. Grotjahn is president, of the
Society for Psychoanalytic Medicine
of Southern California in Beverly
Hills. He is associated with the In
stitute for Psychoanalytic Medicine
of Southern California as chairman
of its Educational Committee and
director of its Training School.


l)R. MARTIN GKOTJAIIN
