# Ed Professors Attend Conferences
## 
### 
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
Mrs. Fannie R. Shaftel and John
Bartky, professor of education, are
attending the annual conference of
the Association for Supervision and
Curriculum Revelopment of the Na
tional Education Association. The
conference is being held in Chicago.
Professor Robert N. Bush of the

Education Department has just re
turned from the conference of the
National Association of Secondary
School Principals held in Atlantic
City. He will also attend a confer
ence of the Association of Colleges
of Teachers Education which will
take place in Chicago.
