# Indian Bowlers Lose to WWCE
## 
### 
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
Stanford's bowling team, com
posed of Jerry Lauer, Jim Camp
bell, Tom Bell, Ski]) Lord, and
Frank Yamamoto, lost a close 2-1
telegraphic match to Western Wash
ington College of Education last
week.
Stanford was tops in total pins,
2,617-2.614, but WWCE won two of
the three games. A return match is
slated, as well as possible matches
against Northwestern, San Jose
State, and USF.
