# McNeely Will Head 1913 Committee.
## 
### 
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
R. McNeely, '13, has been appointed
chairman of the Junior Jolly-up Com
mittee by President A. H. Frank, to
fill the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of H. C. Boyd. A meeting of
this committee will take place Wed
nesday evening to plan for the upper
class gathering.
