# SONG PRACTICE ON THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
## Stanford Band Will Appear.â€”Copies of Six Cardinal Songs Will be Given Free. 
### 
Thursday afternoon, a bleacher ral
ly, under the direction of yell-leader
S. C. Kennedy, '12, will give the stu
dents an opportunity to show more of
the spirit exhibited at the opening of
the rugby season in Encina clubroom
three weeks ago. Aided by the fifty
piece Stanford Hand in their new uni
form the bleachers will be given a
chance to practice the Cardinal foot
ball songs. In order to assure the
success of the rooting section at the
Big Game in November, all songs to
be used this year will be practised un
til they are learned. Copies of the
six most popular Stanford songs will
be distributed free of charge by the
yell-leaders. The entire student body
will have an opportunity to learn
them. On the same day the Varsity
squads will lineup for a short contest.
