# Gym Club Dance Occurs in November.
## 
### 
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
The Gym Club has decided to give
their benefit dance in the Armory on
Friday evening, November 17. The
proceeds will be used in purchasing
needed equipment.
