# Drama Group Will Present Chinese Play
## 'Lady Precious Stream' Selected by Dramatic Council for Production 
### 
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
Presenting a type of drama hith
erto untried at Stanford, the spring
quarter Dramalic Council produc
tion will be "Lady Precious Stream,"
by T. S. Hsiung. The play will be
carried out entirely in the Chinese
manner, giving the Chinese students
on the campus an opportunity to as
sist Dramatic Director Gordon Lange
in the work.
Tryouts for parts in the cast of the
production will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock in the Little Thea
ter, The cast of 35 includes many
good parts for women, including the
title role, as well as several oppor
tunities for men.
The play, which was written espe
cially f«>r English-speaking audi
ences, ran successfully in London
for a year, and is now on profes
sional tour in the United States. It
was especially released to Stanford
for its first amateur production.
Following the presentations of
"Roadside" and "This Side Idolatry,"
the play carries out Dramatic Coun
cil's policy this year of presenting a
variety in types of dramatic work,
and should prove an interesting var
iance from the average production.
