# POLI SCI 2 LECTURE
## 
### 
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
Political Science 2 will open the
quarter with u lecture today rather
than a section as scheduled, it was
announced yesterday. The class
meets in Room 320 at 10 o'clock.

Preparing a pumpkin pie, a Mis
souri woman discovered a gold ring
in the fibrous insides of a pumpkin
which gave no,evidence of a hole.
