# Leader Pro-tem
## 
### 

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.

ESTHER PELTON, student
vice-president, presided at Ex
Committee meeting last night, in
the absence of President Jim Rey
nolds.
