# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
Instruction in journalism is given in
i 193 colleges and universities in the
I United States.
