# Ask Students to Report Summer Position Incomes
## 
### 
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
All students who directly or indi
rectly secured part-time or summer
positions for the past year from the
Stanford Appointment Office are re
quested by Mrs. Irene Spenner, cler
ical assistant, to report the income
received from the work fo the office
before the week is up. This informa
tion is office records only, it was
stated.
