# POLICE BEGIN SEARCH FOR MISSING SCHOLAR, STANFORD GRADUATE
## 
### 
Search for Edward Cureton, who
received his master's degree in Edu
cation here last June, was taken up
by the police yesterday when it was
reported that he had been missing
lor two weeks from Eugene, Oregon,
where ho had been an instructor in
the university.
Cureton's mother, Mrs. Elva S. Cure
ton, of San Jose, expressed fear that
her son had suffered a nervous break
down, but thinks it possible that he
might have gone away without realiz
ing that Ills absence would cause
anxiety.
Professor John C. Almack of the
School of Education, under whom
Cureton had taken work last year,
said that he had received a telegram
recently from the University of Ore
gon stating that Cureton was ill and
would probably be forced to drop his
work there. Mrs. Cureton also re
ceived a letter from her son a short
time ago in which he told her that he
planned to leave the university be
cause he had found that teaching was
not the right vocation for him.
Both I)r. Elwood P. Cubberley, dean
of the School of Education, and Pro
fessor Almack described Cureton as a
brilliant and hard-working student,
who had a definite intention of fol
lowing teaching as a profession. He
was, however, sensitive and reticent,
they say.
Cureton received his A.B. degree at
the San Jose State Teachers College
before transferring to Stanford for
graduate work.
