# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
WANT ADS I
s>
MAH JONGG SETS for sale from
$14.50 to $400. Babcock's Red Book
of rules furnished with each set. D.
H. McQueen, campus representative,
P. O. Box 992, Room 331 Encina Hall.
tf
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. A5
NOTICE —Will the gent who took a
tweed cap by mistake from the Wo
men's Clubhouse on Friday, Feb. 16,
after th« Ram's Head Dance, return
same to the Women's Clubhouse and
receive his own in exchange. F27
