# OR. BAM ISSUES WARNING TO STUDENTS
## 
### 
According to Dr. Barrow director
of Encina Gymnasium, there has been
evidence several times during the year
that students have forced their way
into the Gymnasium and the swimming
pool at times when those places were
not open for general use. There has
been no opportunity for misunder
standing, as locked doors, barred win
dows, and warning signs always indi
cate when the premises rae closed to
students.
Such acts are obviously intolerable,
says Dr. Barrow: and the detailing of
a policeman to protect University
property should not be necessary in a
community of gentlemen. The conser
vation of University equipment and
public safety demand supervision of
the Gymnasium and pool when in use,
and the expense should not be ex
tended to cover those times when the
places are closed.
Dr. Barrow is not announcing a new
policy, but is merely reminding the
students that laws against breaking
and entering are effective for them as
well as for other people, and that they
also apply to University property. Stu
dents found violating these laws will
hereafter be reported for disciplinary
action.
