# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
The Stanford Advertising Club
announces the election of John
Irwin, '25.
