# ALL-UNIVERSITY ASSEMBLY CALLED FOR WEDNESDAY TO PRESENT CAMPAIGN APPEALS
## 
### 
An all-University assembly will
be called Wednesday morning at 9
o'clock to present to the students
the appeals for the Stanford in
China Fund, the Near East Relief,
and the European Student Relief.
All workers for the drives repre
sented in this combined campaign
will meet Tuesday afternoon in
Room 25G at 4:15 to complete their
plans. Chairmen of the campaigns
are Professor E. W. Martin, Near
East Relief; Neil Granger, *24, Eu
ropean Student Relief, and Francis
Stewart, '23, Stanford in China.
The speakers at the assembly
Wednesday will be men who are
personally familiar with conditions
in the different countries repre
sented in the appeals. This is the
first of the drives conducted under
the plan of the Social Service
Board.
