# IN OTHER UNIVERSITIES
## CORNELL STUDENT UNION WILL BE MILLION DOLLAR BUILDING 
### 
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
CORNELL UNIVERSITY—As the
result of a gift of $1,000,000 from an
alumnus for the erection of a building
for social and recreational needs of
Cornell students, the University will
have one of the finest unions in the
country.
Tentative plans include a large ban
quet hall, seating about 400, library
and lounging rooms, private dining
rooms for groups, and a small theater
with a capacity of 500. It has been sug
gested that one corner of the building
be a women's section, and that the
proportion be approximately four to
one.
