# New Athletic Regulations at Berkeley.
## 
### 
President Wheeler of Berkeley
will meet the student committee on
athletics today for a conference in
regard to the faculty recommenda
tions concerning football. These
recommendations, as stated pre
viously in the Daily Palo Alto,
declared against the employment of
Eastern coaches, San Francisco
games, and in favor of a shorter
season. The recommendations were
proposed by the Stanford Faculty
Committee on Athletics, and all
that now remains to be done to
make them binding on both univer
sities is for President Wheeler to
sign them. This he has declined to
do without first sounding student
opinion, and he declares that he
will be guided by their judgment in
the matter.
