# Adv. 8 Page 5
## 
### 
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
JUST
THINK HOW
YOUR KIDS
WILLFEEL
WHEN YOU
FINALLY
GETYOUR
NAME IN
THE PAPER.
I ' \ R/J
V/'' 'n,r''
' ' _
It's easy to get your name in
print. All you have to do is
neglect your health, increasing
your risk of heart attack, and
you could become a newsmaker
sooner than voud ever imagine.
C*J| American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
>iOUR LIFE
