# Card at No. 19
## 
### Evan Tuchinsky Senior staff writer 
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
Indirectly, Associated
Press delivered a big insult
to the California men's bas
ketball team. Though Stan
ford's loss to Cal last week
appeared to end the team's
renewed tenure in the AP
Top-20, the balloters found
the Cardinal's pair of wins
over Miami and UCLA im
pressive enough to move
Stanford up the poll to No.
19.
The Golden Bears beat the
Cardinal in Berkeley last
Thursday with a 75-64 de
cision, yet received nary a
vote on the poll. Stanford
received 133 votes.
