# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The great but little-known man
who sits at the desk of the Palo Alto
Times and edits it according to other
men's wishes, certainly cannot claim
gratitude as one of his virtues.
Without the Daily I'alo Alto his
sheet could scarcely exist, to judge
from the number of articles he takes
bodily from its columns each week.
Vet in the editorial column he grows
deliriously funny at the expense of
his benefactor. With only about
three news columns to fill in a week,
he gets hiß University news by the
scissors method eutirely. Fourteen
columns of plates aud one or two of
clippings relieve him of the ordinary
drudgery of country newspaper life,
which probably accounts for the
iiinkineHs of this very common
genius—the big-little man.
