# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


ROUGHIN' IT
take seventh place at the
national championships.
SPORTS/7
st? IP #

SWIMMING TO MIAMI
Over 200 Haitians escape
capsized boat and swim to 'jm
Florida coast.
WORLD & NATION/3


