# Adv. 30 Page 11
## 
### 
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
PLOH^SHkRE
books .. . cloth and paper
records ... small labels —
local artists
cards ... holiday and
even/day
~, rea r parking available
the PLOM/SHkRE
open daily 10 a.m.-10:30 p.m.
162 university ave palo alto
321-4748
