# Matmen Face Olympic Club
## 
### 
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
The Stanford wrestling team,
hoping to rebound from a 20-5
setback last Saturday at the
hands of Cal Poly SLO, takes on
the Olympic Club this Saturday
at 2:30 p.m. in Encina Gym.
The squad would like to regain
the form it exhibited in triumph
ing in a triangular meet versus
Moffett Field and Mare Island in
its season's debut. Against Cal
Poly, the Indian grapplers were
able to win only one match, that
when Dick Anderson decisioned
his Cal Poly opponent 4-1 in the
123-pound class.
VETERANS EXPECTED to
lead the attack against the Olym
pic Club include Phil Kendall, at
173 pounds, who picked up the
other two points in the loss
against Cal Poly by gaining a
hard-fought draw, Don Buehler,
an excellent performer in the
three-way meet againsl Mare Is
land and Moffitt Field, and An
derson, who was a steady per
former on the frosh team last
year.
The Olympic Club should be a
good test for the Cards, and
could provide some good pro-con
ference experience for new Coach
Bill Leland's matmen.
