# Debaters Succeed In Nat'l Tourneys
## 
### 
Last weekend two freshmen
debaters, Ross Laybourn of To
peka, Kan., and Ron Elving of
Kingsburg, won the national
novice title at Chicago against
60 other teams from as many
colleges and universities.

In the American Association
of Private Universities tourney
at Princeton, first places went
to freshmen John F. Shoch of
Glencoe, 111., and Howard Arnett
of .Casper, Wyo. They were re
quired to debate extemporane
ously on both sides of three sub
jects: the Black Power move
ment, draft deferments, and
Vietnam.
At the National Delta Sigma
Rho-Tau Kappa Alpha tourney
in Washington, D.C., senior O.
Tom Johnson Jr. of Carmichael
won first place in extemporane
ous speaking against contestants
from 168 other universities in
cluding Harvard, Yale, and M.I.T.
