# Exam Announced For Army Position
## 
### 
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
The War Department announced
recently an examination for ap
pointment as second lieutenant in
the Engineering Corps of the regu
lar army. The first part of the ex
amination will be held on or about
Feb. 19.
All students interested in taking
this examination should call at the
R.O.T.C. office, Room 538, immedi
ately.
