# Braddock Returns To Ring As Second
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 (UP).—Ex-
Heavyweight Champion James J.
Braddock who announced his re
tirement Sunday will return to the
ring tonight—but not as a lighter.
Braddock will second his bus
driving protege, Bob Tow, Wash
ington, D. C., heavy who meets
Jack Dempsey's "White Hope," Red
Burman, in the 10-round main bout
at the Hippodrome.
