# ROBLE ELECTS
## 
### 
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
Ruth Reynolds was elected presi
dent of Roble Club at the election
held Wednesday. Eleanor Marquand
was elected vice-president and An
gela Gates, secretary-treasurer.
