# TRI DELT PLEDGES
## 
### 
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
Delta Delta Delta announces th
pledging of Joan Kibbey, '44, am
Peggy Ingham, '43.
