# European Pianist To Speak Tonight
## 
### 
The Friends of Music will present
Darius Milhaud, famous French
pianist, to a Stanford audience to
night at 8:15 o'clock in the Educa
tion Auditorium. Mr.'Milhaud will
speak on "The Spirit of French
Poetry in Melodic Modern Music."
Mr. Milhaud will be assisted by
his wife, who will recite the poems
which her husband mentions,, and
Jean Leduc, who will assist the com
poser in a performance of "Scara
mouche" for two pianos. The great
French modernist first visited the
campus last full, when one of his
works was given its first perform
ance by the Stanford orchestra. A
second artist program will be given
Wednesday, Feb. 2fi. No tickets are
required for either of these events.
