# Adoptee bill passes
## 
### 
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
Sacramento (AP) — After a
second emotional debate and
with no votes to spare, the As
sembly reconsidered and ap
proved again yesterday a bill
that would make it easier for
adopted children to find their
natural parents.
The vote on SB 535 was 41 -36,
a bare majority. The Senate
passed bill now returns to the
Senate for action on Assembly
amendments.
On its second consideration,
the bill survived attempts to
amend it and return it to a
committee as supporters
scrounged to keep votes and
Assembly members went
through what one called
"sou'-searching."
The bill was passed 43-32 two
weeks ago after an hour of de
bate that split members bet

ween those who thought adop
tees should be able to find
their natural parents and those
who believed adopted parents
would lose the children they
had raised.
Assemblyman' Eugene
Gualco (D-Sacramento), who
has adopted children, had
asked for a second vote on the
issue.
The bill, sponsored by Sen.
Bill Campbell (R-Hacienda
Heights), would require the
state Department of Social Ser
vices to keep files of adopted
children and their natural pa
rents who want to meet each
other. If both the adoptee past
age 18 and the natural parent
desire a meeting, the depart
ment would help them get to
gether.
