# DR. STAUF DIES FRIDAY
## 
### 
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
Madam Ida Stauf, who retired
from Stanford as professor of Ro
manic languages last June, died of
pneumonia at her Salvatierra Street
home Friday afternoon after an ill
ness of two weeks.
Dr. Stauf became professor emeri
tits last June after teaching here
since 1928, when she was made an in
structor of Romanic languages. She
had in 1922 taught at Stanford but
left to conduct research work at
the University of Paris.
Madam Stauf was born at Bonne
on-the-Rhine, a German university
town, in 1871. She was brought up
in England, France, and Germany,
studying in Vienna and Venice in
the early 90 s. In 1895 she came to
America, and a few years later was
awarded her A.B. and A.M. degrees

in Germanic languages here at Stan
ford.
Then followed a teaching career
that took her from Palo Alto to
France and back again. She began
with private coaching in French,
Italian, and German in Palo Alto.
After an assistant instructorship nl
Stanford in 1922, she went abroad
again to study, was made a "Docteur
de L'Universite de Paris" in Sor
bonne.
Madam Stauf had been living alone
at 683 Salvatierra until her death
Friday. The remains were taken to
Cypress Lawn in San Francisco for
cremation today. Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, former Stanford chaplain,
delivered the funeral service Satur
day to a few close friends of Dr.
Stauf.
