# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In another column is printed a
discussion of the Rhodes scholar
ship at Oxford from a point of view
that has not before been voiced
through the columns of this paper.
Mr. Seward, the writer of the com
munication, has been a student at
Oxford, and thoroughly under
stands the situation there. He is
competently qualified to judge of
the advantages of the Rhodes
scholarship, and by all those who
are in any way interested in the
scholarship the questions raised in
the discussion will bear more than
a mere reading. The merits of the
scholarship have been mentioned
before, and it has been with a view
to bringing out other features of
Mr. Rhodes'gift that we have asked
the writing of the communication.
