# SIAMESE RULERS TO VISIT UNITED STATES
## 
### 
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Apr. 19 1/P|.
—The special train bearing King
Prajadhipok of Siam, his queen,
Rambai Barni, and their retinue to
New York was speeding through the
Canadian prairie provinces today to
ward Portal, N.D., where the royal
party will enter the United States.
The king will undergo an eye opera
tion in New York. The train is
scheduled to arrive at Portal about
midnight.
