# COMMUNISTS KILLED
## 
### 
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
ITAMM, Germany, Apr. 19 (/P),—
'hrcc communists were killed and
jur were injured when the rural
onstabulary fired into a crowd of
ver 1,000 persons who were demon -
trating in a cemetery at Pelrum in
ommemoration of the victims of
ommunist disorders there 12 years
