# MINISTER SPEAKS ON DURABILITY OF FAITH
## 
### 
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
Rev. J. V. Moldenhawer, of the ,
First Presbyterian Church, New i
York City, delivered the sermon at [
the service in the Memorial Church I
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
"The Durability of Faith" in our i
age of change was the subject cho- j
sen by Dr. Moldenhawer. He spoke j
of the immortality of the precepts :
of the Sermon on the Mount. Oscar
Wilde was cited as an example of a j
religious thinker. Dr. Moldenhawer
quoted from Wilde's "The Ballade ;
of Redding Goal."
The University Choir was assisted j
by Henry ShcfofT, bass, in the musi
cal program.
