# TRIO HEADY FOR JOFFRE DEBATE
## French Colony Policy To Be General Subject 
### 
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
Considered the most important de
bate of the year, the annual argu
ment between Stanford and Califor
nia for the JofTre Medal will take
place tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
The specific subject of discussion
will not be announced to the debat
ers until two hours before the de
bate begins. The general topic, "The
French Colonial and Mandate Pol
icy," has been known to the partici
pants for two months.
Stanford will be represented by
Irving Rosenblatt, Jr., George W.
Shibley, and Mary Katherine Mor
ris. Rosenblatt recently won the
Pacific Forensic League extempora
neous speaking contest, Shibley has
a distinguished record against ma
jor universities, and Miss Morris,
also an experienced speaker, is the
first woman to represent Stanford in
this important event.
'"The JofTre debate has long been
regarded as the debating classic of
the Pacific Coast," according to Pro
fessor J. G. Emerson, debate coath.
"It is unique in American debating
in that it is the only debate, as dis
tinguished from an extemporaneous
speaking contest, in which the an
nouncement of the resolution is re
served until the time of the debate.
"The Joffre is practically the only
decision debate in which either
Stanford or California takes part
during the year. Needless to say,
the rivalry is keen, and the debates
are usually hard fought and of a
high order. The subject has proved
to be a good one, and should be in
teresting from the standpoint of the
audience."
