# Professor Jenkins to Lecture.
## 
### 
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
Professor Albert P. Jenkins will
speak to the Philosophy Club Tuesday
evening on "Forms and Coloration of
Fishes." The lecture will be illus
trated.
