# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
Professor Yamata Ichihashi, of the
History department, will speak at the
Women's Cosmopolitan Club this ev
ening. This meeting, the first since
the club's organization two weeks ago,
will be held at the home of Miss Shi
zuko Ichihashi, College Terrace.
