# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
Wrestling is a new sport at Indiana
State University and may be intro
duced into the Middle Western col
leges on an intercollegiate basis.
