# 0. H. Hahn. 00. active in Japan.
## 
### 
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
O. H. Hahn, '00, is president of the
Kobe branch of the American-Asiatic
Association of Japan. He is also a
member of the committee of fifteen,
appointed by the American Peace So
ciety of Japan to draw up a fair and
frank statement of the case between
Japan and America. A similar com
mittee, composed of leading Japanese,
has been appointed by the Japan
Peace Society for the same purpose.
