# "Doorbell" Campaign Successful.
## 
### 
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
A total of $21,450 was collected in
the recent "Dollar a Doorbell" cam
paign held by the Associated Charities
of San Francisco.
