# Untitled Article
## 
### 
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
S.S. Berry, '09, has returned to the
campus for commencement, at which
time he will receive the degree of
Ph.D.
