# ISLAND PLANE CRASHES
## 
### 
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
LIHEUE, Kauai, T.H., Oct.. J (UP).
Interisland Airways officials an
nounced today a new Douglas DC—'!
transport plane crashed at Burns
Field, Kauai, today while practicing
takeoffs and landings, slightly in
juring Capt. Allen McCarthy, the
pilot.
