# GORDON AND RUFFING STAR
## 
### 

RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.


RUFUS, the Red, Hulling, right,
pitched the best ball of bis career
yesterday when he allowed the
Dodgers only six hits in the first
game of the World Series. "Flash"
Gordon, above, bit a home run in
the last of the second to put the
Yanks in the lead, where they
stayed the rest of the day.

