# Pre-Exam Libe Schedule Stays
## 
### 
Nathan van Patten, director of the
Stanford University Libraries, re
ports that after a year of trial the two
pre-exam Sunday nights, when the
stacks are open, will be continued.
The plan of keeping the Libe open
every .night, was initiated after a
Daily campaign a year ago.
Although the number of students
making use of this extra time for
studying has dwindled since the
novelty of the idea wore off, enough
of them come to make the idea well
worth while.
Mr. van Patten believes that the
students who do use the library on
Sundays get a great deal of good
from it. However, more extensive
execution of the plan would prob
ably prove 100 expensive for the
library at present.
