# POLI SCI LECTURE
## 
### 
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
Political Science 1, American fiov
ernmcnt, will meet in Room 320 to
day, for an unscheduled lecture. Po
litical Science 2 will not meet until
tomorrow.
