# Columbia To Give Teachers Awards
## 
### 
Approximately 20 fellowships and
scholarships varying in amount from
$100 to $3000 for 1937-38 will be
awarded by Teachers College, Co
lumbia University, according to a re
cent announcement by the Univer
sity.
For persons holding the doctor's
degree who desire to do additional
work at the Advanced School of Ed
ucation of Teachers College, three
fellowships ranging from $1200 to
$3000 are available. In addition, ten
scholarships are offered for students
desiring to become candidates for the
degree of doctor of philosophy or
doctor of education at Teachers Col
lege.
Several other fellowships and
scholarships are not limited to stu
dents of Ihe advanced school. All ap
plications must be filed on special
forms with the Secretary of Teachers
College on or before March 1.
