# S.F. Ballet to Give 'Nutcracker Suite'
## 
### 
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
The San Francisco Ballet, re
turning from a global tour, will
present a single matinee per
formance of Tschaikowsky's tra
ditional Christmas ballet, "The
Nutcracker," at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium, Doc. 8.
The performance, featuring a
cast of 150 dancers plus a full
symphony orchestra, is a part of
the ballet company's 12ih Nut
cracker tour, which this year en
compasses major cities in North
ern and Southern California.
The internationally - kno w n
dancer, Leon Danielian, has come
from New York to join principal
dancers Nancy Johnson, Sally
Bailey, Dick Carter and Gordon
Paxman in the famous holiday
ballet.
Tickets are now on sale at the
San Jose Civic Auditorium box
office.
