# ROBLE HALL
## 
### 
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
President, Helen Harris; vice
president, Jean Emrieh; secre
tary, Lynn Skannal; treasurer,
Sue McDonald; committee of six
chairman, Gail Novak.
