# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
Palo Alto Hospital: Philip Che
ney, Robert Ileigold, Douglas
Mac Donald, Virginia Meyer, Vir
ginia Oleson.
Women's llest Home: Martha
Bullock.
