# COMMITTEE ANNOUNCES TWELVE SCHOLARSHIPS TO AUTUMN ENTRANTS
## 
### 
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
Twelve scholarships have been
awarded, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Scholarship, to stu
dents entering Stanford this fall.

Helen R. Allison from the Palo Alto
Union High School, Norman Beenfeldt
from Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco, Neribel L. Brown from the Gil
roy High School, Ruth E. Dietrich
from the Billings, Montana, High
School, and Adrienne Hawkins from
the Piedmont High School are to re
ceive Converse scholarships.

The Cranston scholarship has been
awarded to Joseph F. Ross from the
Covina Union High School.

Hopkins scholarships are to go to
Eva A. McManus from a Los Angeles
High School, Clifford C. Matlock from
the Pasadena High School, Vernon C.
Mickelson from the Santa Rosa Junior
College, Morris F. Pool from The
Dalles, Oregon, and to Lawrence N.
Baker from the Kern County High
School at Bakersfield.
