# PROFESSOR TREAT AT U. OF C. FOR SUMMER AFTER YEAR IN EAST
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
Professor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat
have returned to California after
nearly a year in the East. They spent
a number of months in Washington,
D.C.
From February until June, Profes
sor Treat taught at Columbia Univer
sity. This summer he is teaching at
the University of California at Berke
ley. Mrs. Treat, however, is at their
home on the Stanford campus.
