# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
O'NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
