# AVC to Discuss Housing Tonight
## 
### 
The housing situation and partici
pation of veterans' wives in student
affairs will he high on the agenda of
the Stanford chapter of the Ameri
can Veterans' Committee, which is
holding ils second meeting of the
quarter tonight.
It is expected that a sub-commit -
tee will be appointed to investigate
ways in which the veterans them
selves c;in work with the Adminis
tration in solving the housing prob
lem. The question of veterans' wives
will be discussed as a result of sev
eral complaints ;it last week's meet
ing that students' spouses are not
allowed to use the Bo<<thousc, par
ticipate in rooting sections at ;ith
letic contests and have other student
privileges along with their student
husbands.
The meeting will be held in the;
Nitery. above the Union Cellar, at
7:.'JO. All veterans are invited to at
tend.
