# Women's Council Tells Spring Quarter Hours
## 
### 
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
Office hours for Barbara Bcartls-
Icc. Women's Council chairman,
will l>c from Monday through
Thursday from 5 to 5:45 p.m. in
the Women's Council office in the
Old Union.
Emergency late leaves, or late
leaves obtained aflcr 5:45 of the
day they arc needed, should be
obtained by phoning Miss Bcanls
lec at 22151.
Other Council members and
their numbers are: Nancy I'enny
cooU, Eleanor Marks. Carol Kel
logg, 22151; Mary Ed Davis, 5717.
