# RUSSIAN INDICTED
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 9 (UP).
—Twenty - nine - year - old Russian
Lt. Nicolai Gregorovich Rcdin to
night was indicted by the federal
grand jury on five counts of es
pionage against the Uniled States.
Redin did not appear at the fed
eral court house and was believed
to be hiding in Portland, Ore., to
keep away from reporters.
