# Engineers' Group To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Speaking on "Now Electrical Hori
zons," Walter C. Smith, of the Gen
eral Electric Company, will address
the newly organized joint student
chapter of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineering and the In
stitute of Radio Engineering tonight
at 7:30 in room 208 of the Engineer
ing Building.
Mr. Smith will describe forthcom
ing postwar uses of electricity re
sulting from wartime developments.
His speech will cover new magnetic
alloys, eleetrocoated materials, in
sulations, and the silicones, one of
which is the so-called "bouncing
putty" or silicone rubber. He will
also discuss industrial electronics,
high-voltage X-rays, the electron
microscope, and present trends in
television.
Tonight's meeting will be the first
of the new combined group, repre
senting the two national electrical
engineering organizations. All inter
ested persons are invited, and appli
cations for new membership will be
accepted at the meeting.
