# PROF. NEWCOMER'S NEW BOOK
## Selections from Walter Savage Landor, with Notes and an Introduction. 
### 
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
Henry Holt tfe Company have
just brought out a new book on
\\ alter Savage Landor, containing
selections from the imaginary con
versations of the English writer,
edited with notes and an introduc
tion by Professor Newcomer.
The book is written as an aid to
those who are just beginning their
studies in literature. Professor
Newcomer in the preface says the
selections made are not representa
tive of Landor's prose, but have
been chosen as the most interesting
and instructive for those who are
reading Landor for the first time.
In the introduction, Professor New
comer deals with Landor's position
in literature, his life, character,
work, poetry, prose, and conversa
tions. Landor's style is also dis
cussed. A chronology and a bibli
ography are included in the intro
duction, and notes on the various
selections are appended to the text.
Speaking of the "Imaginary Con
versations" of Landor as being un
suitable for class-room study, Pro
fessor Newcomer says:"For the
reassurance of those who still look
askance at the Imaginary Conver
sations, let Mr. Colvin's opinion be
cited, that to sound perpetually
the praises of De Quincey's prose
is to call away attention from the
best to the second best—an opinion
in which the present editor, with
all admiration for DeQuincey, en
tirely concurs. Not that Landor
is to supplant, but only to supple
ment, De Macauley, Scott,
and the rest, in a judicious course
of English reading. Such a course
must often begin with the second
best,—at least it must begin where
interest is most readily engaged.
But it must not be allowed to de
generate into a romantic debauch,
and Landor's praise, one thinks,
should afford precisely the right
corrective, doubly needed at a time
when the classical heard is so fru
gally spread,"
