# Agents Will Talk With Engineers
## 
### 
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
Civil engineers and men interested
in retail merchandising may make
appointments for interviews this
week with representatives of the
California Division of Highways and
the W. T. Grant Co. at the Appoint
ment Service Office.
Two representatives of the Cali
fornia Division of Highways and Bay
Toll Crossings will be on campus
Thursday to interview men for jun
ior engineering positions. Starting
pay is $310.
Mr. G. Funk, district manager of
Grant's, will interview men Wednes
day. Booklets describing careers
with the company are available at
the Appointment Service Office.
