# QUAD ELECTIONS
## 
### 
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
All staff members of the Stanford
Quad will vote for officers between
1 and 6 p.m. on Friday at the Quad
office. All students who have
worked on the 1948 Quad will meet
in the Quad office at 5:30 p.m. Fri
day, announced Editor Bill McPher
son.
