# EXTRA PICTURES
## 
### 
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
Pictures taken for this year's
Quad but not used in the edition
will go on sale to students tomor
row. They may be purchased at the
Quad office for five cents apiece.
