# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
I INDIANS
As the crack of ball
and bat ring across the
land, especially in the
Giant's Arizona train
ing grounds, one is
reminded of Candle
stick Park, and its
drafts, soon to be en
countered. Best an
swer we know is an
Alan Paine shef
\
m
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
sweater, warm but
I
lightweight for real
comfort. Available in
charcoal, fjord blue,
pebble or olive—in the
crewneck pullover at
13.95. Be prepared!
EBH
■
■
■
«
*
