# Undergraduate Library In Final Planning Stage
## 
### 
Architect John Warnecke has
moved into the final stage of
planning for the undergraduate
library as directed hy the Board
of Trustees at their March 21
meeting.

The Boardâ€™s recent approval of
the preliminary plans and their
authorization to complete the
drawings has enabled them to set
Fall 19615 as target date for the
opening of the new library.
The plans will be completed
during the next 10-12 months.
After the contracts are awarded
construction will begin if the $5
million estimated for the library
has been received. Although the
library funds are included in the
PACE campaign, the sum has not
yet been earmarked for the li
brary.
