# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
The congregation of the Unitarian
Church will hold a social at the resi
dence of Professor Elmore, 1134 Emer
son street, Friday evening, Feb. 16.
