# Junior Women's Hats.
## 
### 
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
The hats which have been ordered
by the Junior women are ready for
distribution, and may be obtained
from Miss Nyman, in the Jordan
block in Palo Alto. The price of
the hate is $2.50, including the
leather band. It is urged that all
who have ordered the hats, and
any others who may desire them,
shall secure them before Friday,
October 28th, in order that they
may be worn on the evening of the
Plug (Jglv.
