# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.

Photo by Henry Eu
HOW SWEET IT IS — A perfect serve by Dean Schlobohm barely
edges over the net during a practice match with teammate John
Spiegel. This weekend Schlobohm and Spiegel lead an underdog
Stanford contingent against USC and UCLA, the nation's two top
tennis teams.
