# DR. JORDAN TO GIVE ADDRESS IN SOUTH
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan left last night
for Santa Monica where he will speak
today and tomorrow at the Pacific
Palisades Conference. He expects to
spend three or four days in the south
ern part of the state before returning
to the campus.
