# Student Clubs
## SIERRA CLUB 
### 
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
All Stanford students are invited
to spend the Fourth of July week
end with the Sierra Club at Little
Sur in the Los Padres National For
est. Reservations may be placed by
calling Mrs. Steininger at DAven
port 2-5125.
