# Vermilya Chosen Captain of Golf Team; Hindry Manager
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
At a meeting of the Stanford golf team
held this afternoon at Kncina Gymnasium,
Robert Vcrmilya was elected captain for
the coming year, and Horace Hindry was
appointed manager.
