# FORENSIC STAR
## 
### 

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.

H. B. Criswell, a transfer from Cor
nell, who is one of the Stanford trio
which will meet the Australian de
baters tomorrow night in the Assem
bly Hali.
