# Lit Editorial Staff to Hold Tryouts Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tryouts for the editorial staff of the
Stanford Lit, campus literary maga
zine, are scheduled for tomorrow after
-10011 at the Press building. Positions
n the staff are open to all students,
K'luding freshmen, according to Uert
ude Baker, manager, who is in charge
112 the tryouts until election of the
Mlitor-in-chief by the Executive Com
littee.
The organization of the Lit staff is
omposed of the editor-in-chief, two
'l-anaging editors, and six associate
ditors. As there are two vacancies in
he associate editors' department,
liese positions will be fllied from
those trying out. In June, the editor
n-chief and the two managing editors
ill be chosen.
Tryoutee work will consist of office
tuties and actual writing for the pub
lication. In case some of the advanced
'aff members drop out, the positions
ill be filled by the lower staff mom-
KTB.
