# COMMENCE PLAY OF WOMEN'S INTERCLASS BASKETBALL SERIES
## 
### 
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
Women's interclass basketball
schedule will include practice games
beginning in two weeks and will con
sist of three weeks of preliminary
games and three weeks of official
games ending the week before finals,
it was announced yesterday. Fresh
man and junior teams will play on
Mondays and Wednesdays, and sen
iors, graduates, and sophomores on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Captains of the class teams include
Adelaide Pottenger, senior captain,
Chesterlyn Thomas, junior captain,
and Maxine Cushing, sophomore cap
tain. The freshman leader has not
yet been chosen.
