# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
A "Best Dressed Man" contest is
being conducted at Tulane University
at New Orleans.
