# Dr. Jordan Cancels Usual Thursday Evening Meeting
## 
### 
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
!)r. David Starr Jordan, who is re
ceiving; his friends in an informal
gathering tonight, will not give his
usual conference. The conferences
will he cor.'int'ed next week at the
usual ti ae.
