# UNIVERSITY HANDBALL TOURNAMENT ENTRIES TO END JANUARY 26
## 
### 
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
Entries will close on January 26 for
a University handball tournament to
he played on the four-wall court of
the Peninsula Club in Palo Alto, an
nounces C. W. Davis. Entries will be
open to all students entered in the
University. Freshmen are especially
urged to compete as the purpose of
the event is to get a line on varsity
material.
The match is being played on a
four-wall court because that is the
regulation court on which all varsity
matches are played. Men wishing to
practice may obtain the key to the
Peninsula Club at the store in Encina
Gym.
