# DISTRIBUTE ORATORIO TICKETS TODAY FOR FACULTY, STUDENTS
## 
### 
Distribution of tickets for Han
del's oratorio, "Israel in Egypt,"
which will be presented in the Me
morial Church on Monday evening,
January 23, will begin at 9 o'clock
this morning in the lobby of the Ad
ministration building. Students will
be given a ticket on presentation of
Student Body cards. Hours of the dis
tribution for faculty and students are
from 9 to 12 o'clock and 1:30 to 4:30
o'clock today and tomorrow.
The oratorio, commemorating the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the open
ing of the Memorial Church, will be
sung by the University Choir joined
with the choir from the Temple
Emanu-El, San Francisco. Accompani
ment will be by members of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra.
