# Mechanical Engineering Society to Meet Tuesday
## 
### 
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
Plans for next quarter will be made,
and the officers for the remainder of
the year will be elected at the Me
chanical Engineering Society meeting
to be held at 7:15 o'clock tonight.
President F. R. Sclimieder urges that
all members plan to be present as this
is the last meeting of the present
quarter.
