# Brand Will Lecture at Washington State College
## 
### 
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
Professor C. P. Brand of the History
department will give several courses
in English and European History at
Washington State College, Pullman,
Washington, during the summer ses
sion.
