# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
dine I
DANCE I
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel I
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening I
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
