# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
"WHY ANTS
LEAVE HOME"
An explanation for this
master slogan is to be
found in any of the fol
lowing Ant Destroyers:
Argentine Ant Poison
Kellogg's Paste
Talbots
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
