# HOWARD MITCHELL TO AID IN COACHING 1930 BABE SQUADS
## 
### 
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
Howard L. Mitchell, varsity
quarterback and basketball play
er, who will be graduated from
Stanford in June, has been ap
pointed an instructor in the De- 4
partment of Physical Education
for next year, his duties to be
primarily in helping to coach
freshman football and basketball.
Through his training on Stanford
varsity teams he will be able to
train freshmen as future material
for the varsity system.
In addition to being a football
and basketball player of varsity
caliber, Mitchell is also an ex
cellent gymnast, and since enter
ing Stanford he has been ticking
courses preparing for physical
education work. He resigned last
night as one of the student mem
bers of the Board of Athletic Con
trql.
