# BASEBALL PLAYERS WILL COMPETE FOR SEMI-FINAL HONORS
## 
### 
The semi-finals of intramural base
ball will be played this afternoon
when Kappa Sigma meets Junipero
Serra and Delta Chi clashes with
S.A.H. Botli of the games promise to
offer something more than mere stiff
competition.
Junipero Serra Club lias won con
sistently and, in most cases, easily.
The squad is noted for its close field
ing and excellent pitching. Kappa
Sigma has won its games with less
eawe, but makes a strong threat when
at the bat.
Delta Chi drew a bye and is playing
in the final round for the first time
this afternoon. The squad is ably as
sisted by Salzman's pitching, and the
batting is much above par, having
averaged something like fourteen runs
to a game so far. The S.A.E. aggrega
tion depends almost entirely on two
men for its scoring power, La Rue and
MsDermott, who pitch and catch, re
spectively.
