# FUNDS SOLICITED FOR PRINCETON LABORATORY
## 
### 
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
Inadequate physical equipment will
be a thing of the past for the Engi
neering School of Princeton with the
completion ol' a new $800,000 Engineer
ing Laboratory, for which solicitation
of the required funds is now being
carried on.
The proposed structure will include
three floors and a basement and will
provide approximately 70,000 square
feet of floor space. Laboratories for
.several different branches of engineer
ing study as well as offices, drawing
rooms, and lecture hall, are provided
for i nthe pretentious plans.
