# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
With the advent of a
heightened political
awareness, the time
has come to express
your views in The
Daily. Submit letters
to the editor and
viewpoints —
typewritten and
double-spaced,
please — in the
Opinions mailbox.
