# Adv. 10 Page 10
## 
### 
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
C^juojuyisl* 9
—gone to . . .
•^\\oaXß
When George's thirst for
bargains lures him into
Thoits Shoe Store. Forsheim
shoes at $7.65 are a tem
ptation he can't resist.
