# C. W. Merrill, Wife Are Here on Campus Visit
## 
### 
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
C. W. Merrill, '22, a graduate of the
Mining department, and Mrs. Merrill,
who was Lillian Dobbel, '24, before
her marriage, are visiting at the home
of the latter's parents in Palo Alto
where they will stay until the end of
the week. Merrill, who is employed as
a sampler for the Comstock Mine at
Virginia City, Nevada, is recovering
from a broken arm which he sustained
while working underground, »n the
mine when a mass of loose rock fell
upon him.
