# WEIGHT TEAMS TO PLAY HARD GAMES IN DOUBLE-HEADER
## 
### 
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
Hal Davis' weight basketball teams
play a double-header tonight in the
pavilion, with the 145-pound men meet
ing the California School of Pharmacy
at 8 o'clock, and the 130-pounders
playing Fremont West Side High
School at 7 o'clock.
The 130-pound team will play the
opener and is expecting a tough game.
It lost to the San Jose Y.M.C.A. team
ia the only game it has played so far.
The 145's are expected to win their
game; they have had some hard con
tests this season and have acquitted
themselves nobly. The School of Phar
macy is a strong squad, but Newcomb
and Ankele at guards should be able
to keep it from doing much scoring.
Blazier, who is playing forward, has
been high-point man all season and
can be counted on for a considerable
lfumber of points against almost any
aggregation. Both he and George are
capable forwards and hard to hold
down.
Saunders, center, and Newcomb,
running guard, will also start the
game. Both of these men are speedy
floormen.
