# ALLEN TO PLAY WORKS OF HANDEL AND BACH
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
Warren D. Allen will offer his regu
lar afternoon organ recital Sunday at
4 o'clock in the Memorial Church.
Workß by Handel and Bach, two eight
eenth century composers of the classi
cal school, will be played. They are:
"Cappriccio in F Major" by George
FYederich Handel, who is noted chiefly
for the great work he did in the field
or oratorio, but also for the smooth
and pleasing quality of his melodies;
and "Toccata and Fugue in F Major"
by John Sebastian Bach.

Cold innoculations offered by the uni
versity dispensary at Lafayette Col
lege have lessened the number of colds
reported on the campus this year.
