# Frosh Tennis Opens Season
## 
### 
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
Stanford's highly rated fresh
man tennis team opened its 1966
season yesterday with an ab
breviated 6-0 win over City Col
lege of San Francisco. The
match was the first of four the
frosh will play this week on
their home courts.
Chuck Aloo, the Cards' top
player, led the way by beating
CCSF's Greg Shepard, winner of
the recent Berkeley tournament,
9-7, 7-5. Dale Wong, Brad Cor
nell, Rick Young, Jim Shock,
and the doubles team of Cornell
and Young also won to complete
the Stanford sweep. CCSF
brought just five men down for
the match, which was further
shortened by rain.
Coach Bob Renker's squad
goes for two straight today at
2:30 aaginst Foothill College. To
morrow at 3:00 the frosh face a
strong team from Berkeley, and
Thursday the opposition will be
the College of San Mateo.
