# Cricket Team Dumps UCLA
## 
### 
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
Stanford's cricket club won its
first match of the season Satur
day against the UCLA eleven.
Poor batting and a good de
fensive job by the Stanford side
combined to keep UCLA down
to 54 runs. According to cricket

courtesy, Stanford had but to ex
ceed that number to win and so
scored 55 runs for 4 wickets.
This was the first time Stan
ford's squad has played a school
from southern California and
marked the beginning of or
ganized inter-university cricket
in this state.
