# Interviews Slated For Hydro-follies
## 
### 
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
Interviews for all those interested
in skiing in the Con Home Hydro
follies on May 1 will be from 3 to 5
p.m. tomorrow and Thursday in Tre
sidder.
Tryouts will be held on Lake La
gunita on Saturday, April 23, ont on
Sunday, April 24 as previously an
nounced.
All prospective participants must
have an interview, according to Dave
Hawkins of the Lake Lag boat house.
Any questions can be directed to
Hawkins.
