# Visiting Dean Will Be on Air
## Medical Authority Speaks on Cancer 
### 
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
"The education and training of
lawyers today is an enormous task
which must be properly done or the
affairs of the average citizen will
suffer heavily," declared Professor
Robert L. Stearns, acting professor
of law at Stanford University and
Dean of the School of Law at the
University of Colorado, in com
menting upon the radio talk he will
give Monday night on the Stanford
program over KGO, at 9:15 o'clock.
In discussing the subject, "Legal
Education Wakes Up," Professor
Stearns will describe the advances
being made in raising law school
standards, as well as the work be
ing done by the Legal Education
Section of the American Bar Asso
ciation.
Last Monday evening Dr. Eric
Liljencrantz, professor of medicine
at the Stanford School of Medicine,
speaking on the subject, "The Can
cer Patient Today," stated that the
advances made in successful treat
ment of cancer had been very great
since the beginning of the century.
"There is no question but that the
cancer patient of today is in a far
happier position than would have
been the case but a few years ago,"
Dr. Liljencrantz said.
