# GAMBLERS' NUMBER OF CHAPPIE COMES OUT THIS MORNING
## 
### 
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
Rally round ye poker-faced
gamblers and prepared to melt
your frozen countenances with
raucous laughter for the Old Boy
is launching his newest effort
dedicated to you and all your
foibles.
The Gamblers' Number of
Chaparral will go on sale this
morning on the Quad. Those un
fortunate enough not to be sub
scribers may buy their copy at
the Engineers' Corner, near the
Law Steps, at the Bookstore, at
the Union, or at the Palo Alto
newsstands. Subscribers will re
ceive their copies in the morning
mail.
