# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
Every man who received a degree
from the Boston College Graduate
School of Education last June has
been placed in a teaching position.
