# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
Scalpers Society announces the
election of the following mem
bers:
Fred B. Zombro
Albert L. Cook
John M. Rogers
James C. Melton
Frank S. Wilton
Paul A. Sexson
Thomas L. Thurlow
Charles O. Smalling
Fred Harder
Chester C. Moomaw
Houston Rehrig
