# CARD BOXERS WIN ALL BOUTS IN FIRST ROUND
## Still Going Strong at Start On Second Round, Miron Stars in Bouts SCHALL WINS IN SECOND Far Western Championship At Stake; Six Stanford Men in Contest 
### 
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
Six Stanford boxers easily won
places in the second round of the
elimination contest of the Far Western
American Championship, held in the
Dreamland Arena, San Francisco, last
night under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club.
Because the bouts continued on late
into the night and past the press hour
of the Daily, the final results could
not be obtained. The men in the events
were: Carlos Miron and Lester Cowan,
fighting in the featherweight class at
12G pounds; Alexander Ross and Tom
Treanor, fighting as lightweights at
135 pounds; Serentzel Hanna, Kenneth
Lloyd, and Lloyd Sullivan, weighed in
at 147 for the welterweight class; M.
R. Schall, 151) pounds, entered in the
middleweight group.
Results of the first elimination bouts
were all wins for Stanford. Miron won
over his opponent in a clean-cut bout
which went much to his credit. Ross
took his tussle with the first and last
rounds all his, but with a slight dis
advantage in the second. Hanna was
given his bout by a technical knock
out. Schall outclassed his opponent
entirely to win by a knockout in the
second round.
Miron took the first bout of the
second round for Stanford by an easy
knockout.
