# Spiegelberg Talks To Group Today
## 
### 
Dr. Frederic Spiegelberg, lecturer
in religion, will lead the informal
discussion meeting of the World Af
fairs group of the Y.W.C.A. today
at 4:15 p.m. in the "Y" rooms, top
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Spiegelberg will speak on "Under
standing and Misunderstanding In
dia."
This discussion is the fifth in the
series being given this quarter on
post-war planning. Last week Theo
dore H. Boggs, department of eco
nomics, discussed "Economics in the
Post-War Period." Other speakers
have included Dr. Philip W. Buck,
political science department; Dr. B.
Q. Morgan, German department,
and Irwin Abrams, history depart
ment.
The series may be counted as one
war hour per week by women, ac
cording to Dodie Crile. chairman of
the "Y" group.
Anyone who is interested may at
tend. Tea will be served after the
lecture.
