# TRUCK DRIVERS NEEDED
## 
### 
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
Experienced truck drivers are
needed to drive trucks to and from
the Con Home on Labor Day, next
Wednesday. All persons interested
sign up at the ASSU office.
