# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
3%
JMmm
RKM AI RAM , ENGLISH
Pi h & Celtic: Shop
—The Patio — ■
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now he enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
