# Burlingame Hosts Children's Ballet
## 
### 
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
The Children's Ballet Theater of
San Francisco will present "Cinder
ella" and"The Feast of the Spider"
in the Burlingame High School au
ditorium January 21 at 2 p.m. Tick
ets for the performance arc on sale
at Wollmer's Music Store, 1315 Bur
lingame Avenue, Burlingame.
Choreographer for the ballets is
Evelyn Wenger, director of the
Children's Ballet Theater. Miss
Wenger, who specializes in works
for childrne, has done special cho
reography for ' The Feast of the
Spider" to mark the 80th anniver
sary of the birth of the composer,
Albert Roussel.
