# Army Maneuvers
## 
### 
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
fII!EAT FALLS, Mont. Jan. 2 (A')
The longest motorized troop move
ment in U.S. military history is un
derway from Camp Carson, Colo., to
Whitchor.se, Yukon Territory 2,000
miles the Great Falls Air Force
Base saifl today.
Troops are participating in a joint
U.S.-Canadian exercise to test Arc
tic clothing and equipment and the
endurance of soldiers under the
strain of Arctic combat. The move
ment will take 20 days.
