# GRID SQUAD ARRIVES
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
Stanford's varsity football team,
fresh from its 74-20 victory over
Hawaii, was scheduled to arrive at
the San Francisco airport at 7:30
this morning. The 33 - man squad
included two noncombatant cen
ters, Jim Castagnoli and Gordon
Rice, and was accompanied on the
trip by Coaches Schwartz. Bengt
son, Elward, and Athletic Director
Alfred Masters.
