# Two Farm Men Injured in Crash
## 
### 
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
Two Stanford students, Arthur
I Paige and William P. Hyde, were in
volved in an auto accident early yes
terday morning on Porlola Road be
hind the Stanford Golf Course.
Hyde's car, in which Paige was a
passenger, fell over a 12-foot em
bankment and rolled over, ripping
out several small trees in its path.
Paige suffered a jaw fracture and
face cuts, and Hyde received head
cuts. Both were treated at the Palo
Alto Hospital.
