# INITIAL SHOOT HELD SUNDAY
## Rifle Club Scores High in Meet With Palo Alto Company 
### 
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
Twenty members of the Stanford i
Rifle Club participated with Company !
L of the National Guard yesterday in
their opening shoot on the new range
at the Alta Mesa. Under the suiter
vision of Captain Anthony and lieu
tenants of the National Guard, each
member of the club shot forty-five
rounds at distances of 200 and 300
yards. High scores were made by C.
F. Williams, '15, W. E. Helmich, '18,
and R. F. Hake, '18.
This is the first outdoor shoot that
the club has held and Captain C. F.
Williams is very well pleased with
the showing made.
Other shoots will be held before the
end of the semester and during Christ
inas vacation, if enough members re
main on the campus. Reginnlng next
semester competitive shoots will be
held with other colleges and possibly
with California. The club is still
open to new members but all desiring
to join should do so immediately in
order that rifles may be provided for
them.
