# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
The enrollment of Columbia Uni
versity now numbers 20.000, making
Columbia the world's largest uni
versity.
