# Medieval Music Concert Scheduled
## 
### 
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
A program of medieval and Ren
aissance music will be presented in
Memorial Auditorium Sunday, No
vember 6, at 4 p.m. by Pro Musica
Antiqua.
The performance will be the first
in the Chamber Music series spon
sored by the Committee on Public
Exercises.
