# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.

HALL HAYNES, Santa Clara's great left halfback, exhibits the
punting style that made him second in the nation last year, just
behind North Carolina's "Choo-Choo" Charlie Justice.
