# MERRIMAN IN EMERYVILLE
## 
### 
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
Lloyd Merriman, Cincinnati out
fielder and former Stanford star,
has joined the major league team
that will clash with a minor league
group Sunday in Emeryville in the
annual Alameda E'ks' benefit tilt.
