# Bears, Bruins Vie For Lead
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 27 (/P)â€”
California's Bears and the Univer
sity of California at Los Angeles
Bruins, running head and head for
the Coast Conference football title,
must settle the leadership Saturday
in Los Angeles.
The assumption is based on the
fact that a winning score will be
posted. A tie would leave the two
still deadlocked in lite league's
standings.
California losses a perfect record
into the battle. One defeat mars the
UCLA schedule, a setback by the
strongly geared Santa Clara team
which has no conference affiliation.
Lynn Waldorf's Bears, current
choices to return to the Rose Bowl
where they lost to Northwestern last
New Year's Day, necessarily will
line up favored over UCI.A. Two
games against mutual opponents of
fer these comparisons: California
21-7 over Santa Clara and 41-0 over
Oregon State; UCLA 35-1!) over
Oregon Stale and 0-14 against Santa
Clara.
