# 'G.I.' Gaieties Crews Named
## 
### 
Moofie Faris, technical director of
the "G.1." Gaieties, has announced
the members of the various crews
that will handle all the back-stage
business for the show. At a meeting
to be held next Wednesday at 7:30
p.m. in the Ram's Head room, Miss
Faris will name the people to be
placed in each individual crew.
Students working on the costumes,
props, lights, sound, and make-up
crews include: Mary Louise Ryan,
Louise Skahan, Patty Christ, Bar
nara Seiver, Barbara Bates, Jane
Sontheimer, Suzanna Seabrook, Jo
Glasson. Pat Whittemore, Patsy Wo
gan, Elaine Barrett, and Jean Raiss.
Crew Members
Sue Abbott, Liz Hind, Sue Hep
perle. Charlotte Goodwin, Anne
Goodwin, Nonie Pendleton, Patsy
Garrett, Bobbie Chapman, Nancy
Pennycock, Phoebe Dickerson, Ruth
Lewis, Lorna Robertson, Yvonne
Guillbert, Shirley Leibrick, Jean
Pehl, Virginia Carlson, Charlotte
Byers, and Mary Lewis.
Ann Simons, Marion Reed, Doro
thy Taggart, Dorothy Frost, Georgi
anna Patti, Babbette Coblentz, Co
lette Rossiter, Marcia Long, Alicia
Walker, Jackie Jardine, and Fran
Bennett.
Soldiers Assist
Soldier-students who will assist
back stage are Bill Green, Victor
Amend, Edward Tattershall. Nick
Masterjohn, Fred Hassold, Cal Loeb,
and Dick Carter.
Paula Kramer will be in charge of
the costumes; Corky Wollmen, props;
Cecelia Bergeda, lights; Otwav Par
dee, sounds; and Margaret Morgan,
make-up.
The show will be presented by
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic so
ciety at Stanford, on Deo. 3 and 4 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
