# Women's Rushing To Start Nov. 13
## 
### 
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
Formal rushing will start on No
vember 13 to 15 with three courtesy
teas to be given by the sororities for
Roble women. The teas are purely
invitational and selective. The
houses and Roble freshmen will be
divided into three groups, these
groups interchanging on each of the
three days. No freshman may be
invited to the same house twice.
These are to be the first restricted
teas as the Pan-Hellenic teas were
for all Roble women.
This will be the first time the
freshman women have had an oppor
tunity to visit the houses and to
connect the Row women with their
respefctive houses, as at the Pan-Hel
lenic tea no distinction was made
between them. At the Friday and
Saturday teas Quad clothes will be
worn; on Sunday, street dresses.
