# Women's Basketball Team to Play.
## 
### 
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
The Stanford team will meet the
Redwood High School in a basketball
game tomorrow at 4:30 at Roble Gym
nasium. Although the Redwood team
is unusually good, this game will he
in the nature of a practice, prelimin
ary to the first match with Mills Col
lege, scheduled for Saturday of this
week. The team that will play tomor
row has not been picked as yet. All
women students are invited to this
game.
