# DISCUSS JAPANESE QUESTION.
## Y. Ichihashi Gives Interesting Talk Before Nestoria Literary Society Last Night. 
### 
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Nestoria Literary Society was con
ducted by the members of that or
ganization last evening. The sched
uled question for discussion, "Re
solved, That further anti-Japanese
legislation is unwarranted and preju
dicial to the best Interests of the
United States," was debated upon by
F. M. Russell, Jr., '12, and J. W. Hen
derson, '12, upon the affirmative,
against W. F. Geary, '12, and H. R.
Person, '12, who represented the neg
ative. The decision of the judges was
rendered in favor of the former. Af
ter an impromptu debate upon the
question of "Resolved, That Stanford
should have a second team to debate
with Nevada," Y. Ichihashi, assistant
in the Economic department, delivered
a talk upon the recent Japanese leg
islation, from a Japanese standpoint.
Ichihashi brought forward some very
interesting as well as important facts
and figures concerning the advent and
the subsequent trouble resulting from
the presence of the Japanese coolies
who have come to this country.
