# New Directory on Sale.
## 
### 
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
The directory of students and offi
cers has been placed on sale at the
Business Office. According to the sum
mary which the directory contains,
there are now 1426 students enrolled
in the University. Fifteen cents, as
usual, is charged for the publication.
