# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
In consequence of the University
holiday, no issue of the"Daily Palo
Alto" will appear to-morrow (Fri
day) evening.
