# TUESDAY SERIES
## Siegel Talks On Brazilian Potentialities 
### 
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
Tho 1951 Winter Quarter Tuesday
Evening Series ended last night in
Memorial Hall when Dr. Bernard J.
Siegel of the Stanford Anthropology
Department reported on the current
cultural and political position of
Brazil.
''Brazil, like an awakening giant,
must first attempt to establish a per
manent connection between its head
and its wriggling toes," Dr. Siegel
summarized after citing the rich eco
nomic possibilities of a country "con
siderably larger than the United
States" but with "roughly one-third
of the population."
Politically, Brazilian citizens in
general consider freedom in the light
of individual opportunity to discuss
and argue their views "without fear
of imminent arrest." Even under the
Vargas dictatorship this right seldom
was infringed upon.
Brazilian culture, strikingly differ
ent from other South American
countries, was heavily influenced by
the Portuguese colonists. Unlike the
Spanish elsewhere in Latin America,
the Portuguese found no Indians al
ready indoctrinated into the v/ays of
slave labor.
Even today in Brazil there is little
race prejudice. Family ties are un
usually strong and extend over into
business relations throughout the
country.
