# CHORUS LATE LEAVES
## 
### 
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
Late leaves for tonight and Sat
urday night have been granted to
University Chorus members, Betty
Wellington, Women's Council pres
ident, announced yesterday.
Regular weekend leaves may be
taken Friday night.
