# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
Charlotte Hubbard, formerly a
student at Smith College, was mar
ried to Jack Dunlap Mast, Phi Sig
ma Kappa, in the Stanford Memo
rial Church Tuesday night.
