# TUCKER '48's ON THE PRODUCTION LINE
## 
### 

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.

These sleek sedans are nearing completion on production lines at ths vast Tucker
automobile plant in Chicago arc! coon will be displayed at key points throughout the
nation. The Tucker car, newest major entry in the American autoviot./e picture, is
powered by a 150-horsepower rear engine and incorporates luu-i/ oL.icr features pre
viously not available in passenger cars.
