# COOLIDGE SETTLES IN LIBEL SUIT
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, March 31. (/P) â€” An
apology and a check for $2,500 re
ceived from Calvin Coolidge today
stopped a $100,000 damage suit
against the former President by
Lewis B. Tebbetts, St. Louis insur
ance man, who contended his busi
ness reputation was injured by one
of Coolidge's radio utterances.
In a radio speech last October,
former President Coolidge said:
"Beware of the so-called 'twister'
and 'abstractor' or any agent who
offers to save money for you by re
placing your policy in another com
pany."
J. Porter Henry, attorney for
Tebbetts, said Everett Sanders, the
former President's attorney, con
ferred with Tebbetts last month and
it was agreed to drop the suit if
Mr. Coolidge would apologize and
reimburse Tebbett.s for his legal ex
penses. Today a check for $2,500 was
received with the letter from Cool
idge.
The New York Life Insurance
Company, of Which Coolidge was a
director, was jointly named in the
summons. Tebbetts' attorneys said
the summons against Coolidge would
be withdrawn April 7, but a damage
suit will be filed against the com-,
pany then.
