# WHITTELSEY, '20, MARRIED
## 
### 
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
Miss Lucile Grenshaw and Stuart
Gordon Whittelsey were married in
the Stanford Memorial' Church last
Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Whittelsey is
a Kappa Alpha and a member of the
class of 1920.
