# Professor Marx Chosen to Head Civil Liberties Union
## 
### 
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
Guido H. Marx, Professor of Ma
c hine Design, lias been chosen chair
man of the Northern California divi
sion of the American Civil Liberties
Union. The program of the organiza
tion during the coming period includes
a campaign against the initiative meas
ure of placing the Bible in the public
schools of California and one against
the State's criminal syndicalism law.
