# Saks Will Present Fashion Display Before Gaieties
## 
### 
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
Saks Fifth Avenue will present
a fashion show on Wednesday,
November 20. and Thursday, No
vember 21, before the Gaieties
performa noes.
The fashion show, Ram's Head
announced, will start at 8 p.m.
on both evenings and the Gaieties
curtain will be at 8:45 on those
evenings. Gaieties curtain times
will bo 8:30 Tuesday night and
9:30 on Fridav.
