# ADS Takes Nine Farm Members
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
Alpha Delta Sigma, the national
professional advertising fraternity,
announced today the formal initia
tion of nine new members to its
Stanford chapter.
Elliot M. Bpstcen was given pro
fessional membership status in the
chapter.
The eight students who were
granted membership are John Mc-
Combs, Ken Friedman, Pat Q'Ncil,
Arthur James Hook 111, Bill Hetts,
William F! Broadback, Dick Maltz
man, and Ron Allan.
