# TRANSFER CREDITS
## 
### 
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
Petitions for evaluation of transfer
credits, spring quarter, must be
turned in this week. Forms will be
available at the information desk
Room 111-A, until Friday only.
