# S.F. Group Will Read Stein Play
## 
### 
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
Gertrude Stein's interpretation of
the Faust legend will be presented
this weekend by San Francisco's
Playhouse Repertory Company. Her
"Doctor Faustus Lights the Lights"
will be given in formal concert read
ings this Friday and Saturday at
8:30 p.m. by members of the com
pany, at Beach and Hyde streets in
San Francisco. Tickets for the read
ing arc on sale for $1 at Sherman,
Clay or at The PRospect
5-4426.
This reading of the play, first pre
sented last fall, will be the first
special event of the recently or
ganized Playhouse Audicnce Guild.
