# Free Inoculations Available Today
## 
### 
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
Immunization inoculations will be
given this afternoon from 1 to \ at
the Health Service.
The free immunization program,
.sponsored by the Student Health
Committee, will continue through
out the quarter on Tuesday and
Thursday afternoons from 1 to 4.
Those who did not complete their
series last quqartcr should return
for their final fhot.
Lost quarter 2f>(s students, exclud
ing the ROTC men, were immunized
for civilian defense or summer
travel.
