# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
Cfl fit
H i
YOU'LL GET A LOT OF
USE OUT OF THIS
In fact, the college man gets more use out of the four piece suit
than anybody else does. Naturally. lie is more out of doors,
golfing and otherwise. These Society Brand four piece suits are
made up in fabrics specially chosen, limited to diese styles be
cause they are ideal for them. Beautiful cheviots, in rare shades
of the lighter colorings the men are wearing this spring. $65.
Tost at Jimmy
San Francisco
