# STANFORD GLEE CLUB WILL MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
The Stanford Glee Club will meet to
morrow afternoon at 4:15. Both old and
new members will be present to begin
spring rehearsals. Twenty-two men were
admitted to the Glee Club by the reccnt
tryouts bringing membership to 65, some
of whom will be lost by graduation.
New songs will be learned for next
year's repertoire.
The club's plans for the autumn quarter
include a trip planned to extend through
out Northern California and the North
western states.
