# SON SHOOTS PARENTS
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. K. (/p)—After
getting his parents out of bed early
today to auk them if they believed
ii* God and then ordering them to
pray, Alan It. Sehumm, 17-year-old
fteshman at the University of 111 l
nois, drew a revolver, shot his
father to death, and wounded his
mother.
