# ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
Beta Theta Pi announces the
pledging of Jerry Welch, '32.
