# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
Tufts College has abandoned co
education after a 15 years trial.
