# To Give Course in Bible Study.
## 
### 
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
An effort is being made to have the
courses in Bible study under the head
of the English department, as is cus
tomary in other universities. Next
year Professor H. D. Gray, of the
English department, will give a coursc
on "The Bible as English Literature."
