# Kappa Sigma Wins Again.
## 
### 
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
The fourth and final game of the
second round of the Interfraternity
series was played yesterday afternoon
between Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa
Sigma. The game resulted in a vic
tory for the latter by a score of 13
to 1.
