# Stu-Fac Com Opens Tryouts
## 
### 
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
Student - Faculty Commission
tryout sign-ups are being taken
today and tomorow. Tryouts are
scheduled for Wednesday, Thurs
day, and Friday of this week.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
ASSU office.
