# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
M&\
Immediate openings for you
il you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money!
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant.
factory warehousej
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
Af
lihomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,-,
V JJ
