# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
