# QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
Pictures for the 1951 Quad will be
taken of Branner girls today in the
Quad office. The photographer will
be there from 10 to 12 and from 1 to
. r j. Girls are asked to wear white
blouses and a fee of $1 will be
charged.
