# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Pat Penny, '51, to John
M. Davis, '50, Sigma Chi. Davis is
a second-year student in Stanford
Medical School.
