# Once Around the Quad
## Announcements KZSU 
### 
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
Anyone interested in radio adver
tising or selling on KZSU contact
Marilyn Cooper at KZSU at 5 p.m.
today. Ten per cent commission on
all sales.
