# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Addyse Lane,
Joan Walsh, John Arnold, Fouad
Taher, Robert Hogan, Roger Sum
mit, William McPherson, David
Herdman.
Men's Rest Home—Arnold Rosen
bloom, Richard Peterson, Dudley
Herschbach, William T. Richards,
Richard Sorich, Fred Lee, Thomas
Green.
Women's Rest Home—lrene Dor
ris, Barbara Newman, Patricia Fos
ter, Diane Soderstrom, Mary Glas
bremner.
