# News of the World.
## 
### 
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
A verdict of acquittal has been
found in the notorious Modoc
lynching cane.
The great storm seems to have
subsided in the North and stinted
anew in the Southern States.
Lord Kitchener has been author
ized to make concessions to the
Boer leaders who choose to surren
der.
Twenty million dollars in gold,
supposed to be a loan for Japan,
will by shipped at once from New
York to the Orient.
There is a belief that the United
States proposes 10 demand an in
demnity from Turkey in return for
the ransom to release Miss Stone.
Starving miners in Texada
island have seized all the available
property of the Northwest Copper
Company in return for hack pay.
Secretary of State Hay yesterday
delivered a eulogy on President
McKinley before the House of Rep
resentatives and Prince Henry of
Prussia.
