# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is a source of great discomfort
and annoyance that there are no
baths, com Its, or even stationary
washstands at the Iloble gymnas-1
iinn. The men's gym. has shower
baths for the boys, but girls must
g<> from physical exercise with
warm, dusty faces and disheveled |
hair.
It is a source of great discomfort
and annoyance that there are no
baths, com Its, or even stationary
washstands at the Iloble gymnas-1
iinn. The men's gym. has shower
baths for the boys, but girls must
g<> from physical exercise with
warm, dusty faces and disheveled |
hair.
It is a source of great discomfort
and annoyance that there are no
baths, com Its, or even stationary
washstands at the Iloble gymnas-1
iinn. The men's gym. has shower
baths for the boys, but girls must
g<> from physical exercise with
warm, dusty faces and disheveled |
hair.
It is a source of great discomfort
and annoyance that there are no
baths, com Its, or even stationary
washstands at the Iloble gymnas-1
iinn. The men's gym. has shower
baths for the boys, but girls must
g<> from physical exercise with
warm, dusty faces and disheveled |
hair.
