# SECONDARY SCHOOL SOCIETY FINISHES CAMPUS MEETING
## 
### 
The California Society of Secondary
Education finished its two-day meeting
here Friday. The annual education ban
quet, attended by the conference visi
tors as well as students from all depart
ments of the Stanford School of Edu
cation, was the final function of the
society's meeting.
The meeting included both general
sessions and discussion groups. Among
the speakers were a number of Stan
ford professors from the Economics,
Political Science, Philosophy, and Edu
cation departments.
J. C. Almack, professor of education
at Stanford, was toastmaster of the
banquet and the speakers were Fred
Englehardt, professor of education of
the University of Minnesota, T. W. Mc-
Quarrie, president of San Jose State
Teachers College, and Grayson N. Ke
fauver, dean-elect of the Stanford
School of Education.
