# Bassett Returns Soon From Summer Session At Hawaii
## 
### 
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett will
return at the end of the month from
Honolulu, where he has been teaching
public speaking at the University of
Hawaii during the summer session.
Professor Bassett is now visiting friends
on Maui and Hawaii islands until the
time of his sailing for home.
In an interview at the close of the
session, August 4, Professor Bassett
said, "Eventually the rest of the world
must attain the high standards of good
will between races that now exist in
Hawaii. Conditions in Hawaii have been
grossly misrepresented in the United
States and if there is any race preju
dice in the Hawaiian Islands it is not
apparent.
"The people of Hawaii seem to hold
their American citizenship in higher
regard than do the other citizens of
the United States. Reports that reached
California led one to believe that Ha
waii was a wild, irresponsible place,
but it is well regulated and the people
seem to enjoy life more than do paople
on the mainland."
