# Buster Olds To Try For Record Here Tomorrow
## Water Carnival Is Highlight Of Swimming Season; Free To Public Thornton Protege Hopes To Lower Mark 
### 
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
An attempt for a new American
swimming record, various races, div
ing, and a water polo game will feature
the annual summer water carnival to
take place tomorrow afternoon in En
cina pools at 4 o'clock. The meet will
be open to the public free of charge.
A high spot of the water meet will be
the attempt of "Buster" Olds, swim
ming protege of Coach Nort Thornton,
to lower the 300-yard record of 3:12.4
set by Johnny Weissmuller in 1924 in
Chicago. On the way, Olds will also
try to break the 250-yard record of
2:41.2 set at Chicago in 1918 by for
mer Stanford swimmer Norman Ross.
That Olds is in condition for this rec
ord try is evident since the former
Palo Alto High School youth set a new
Pacific Association record for 500 yards
at the Y.M.C.A. pool in San Francisco
last week.
Best all-round swimmers attending
Stanford this quarter will be an
nounced following the completion of
the fifth event of the summer pentath
lon which has been held on Friday
afternoons during the past five weeks.
As the seniors line up for the 220-
yard event, James DeLamater will be
the favorite to win the pentathlon for
he leads the scorers with 13, followed
by Norman Sears with 12, Ken Living
ston 8, Jack Clumeck 5, Frank Parker
5. The novices will meet over the 100-
yard course and favorite to win the
pentathlon in that division is Bob Jen
kins, who leads the scorers with 9
points. Close behind is Dick Buckwal
ter with 8, and following closely are
John Smith and Frank Parker with 7,
Harold Juda and Ken Ellingwood with
6.
Exhibition swimming by juveniles, a
water polo game between two picked
teams, and diving by Sam Clarke will
round out the program. The water polo
game will feature several stars from
the Stanford varsity squad including
Leo Cook, goalie, Jim Benet, forward,
"Bunny" Fry and Pierce McDowell,
guards.
