# Correction
## 
### 
A story in yesterday's
Daily, "Gould: Assist S.
African unions," about
ways in which the United
States could offer financial
assistance to black labor
unions in South Africa,
erred in attributing to Law
Prof. William Gould a state
ment that he did not make.
The story incorrectly
paraphrased Gould's
remarks before the Con
gressional Black Caucus
foreign policy meeting in
Washington, D.C., last
month.
The article said that
"according to Gould, Stan
ford has taken constructive
steps toward eliminating
apartheid by beginning pro
grams to educate black
South Africans."
Gould did not say, and
said he does not believe,
that Stanford has taken
such steps.
