# ROWELL LECTURE
## 
### 
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
Chester Rowell will give his regu
lar lecture next Monday at 1:15
o'clock ii\, Room 214.

"Freedom of the press as applied U>
The Daily Californian." says its edi
tor, "is like birth control among
rabbits. You can talk about it."
