# DISLIKE NIPPON POLICY
## 
### 
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
PARIS, May 3 (J?). —In a memo
randum supporting Washington's in
sistence that treaties be observed,
France informed Japan today that
she wants China's door left open.
