# INTERESTED IN TAKING SPORTS PHOTOS?
## 
### 
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
Anyone who has had experience
in taking sports photos and
would like to work for the Stan
ford DAILY should contact
Sports Editor Tom Edison at
321-2330 ext. 4632 or come by
the Storke Publications Build
ing.
