# PARISIAN DUEL
## 
### 
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
FARIS, Jan. 8 (/P). — France's
duelists opened their 193G season
on the field of honor today with a
pistol combat between two uniden
tified young men, believed to be at
odds over the affections of a young
women.
