# Reserve Power
## 
### 


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.


THEY WILL SEE plenty of action in the forthcoming con
ference games. Bill Quade (left), forward, and Bob
Zonne, guard, replace Turner and Robertson.
