# Campus Calendar
## 
### 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 0
A.S.M.E.: Meeting announced for
yesterday will be hold tonight at
7:30 at. the homo of Professor
Volney C. Finch, 639 Mirada, Palo
Alto. C. G. Rosen of the Cater
piller Tractor Company will
speak.
Glee Club: Meeting tonight at 7
o'clock. All members involved in
rushing will be expected at 8
o'clock. Tryouts will be held.
Pi Lambda Theta: Social and busi
ness meeting at 8 p.m. at the
home of Dr. Verna Carloy, IMS
Byron Street, Palo Alto.
Debating: Stanford varsity debat
ers will meet the University of
Utah at 4:15 o'clock in Room 202.
Stanford Dames: General business
meeting at 3 o'clock in Women's
Clubhouse.
