# Plans for Women's Rushing Complete
## 
### 
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
Starting with luncheon Saturday,
freshmen women will visit the Row
for the second rushing period,
which includes Saturday and Sun
day lunch and Sunday dinner. The
second period will include dinner
Monday and luncheon and dinner
Tuesday. Rushing will end with
preference dinners on Thursday and
Friday and pledging will take place
Saturday, January 18 followed by
open house in all the sororities.
Invitations for the first period
will be sent to all off-campus wom
en with the exception of the off
campus living groups, to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women must
call at the office of the Dean of
Women for their invitations.
