# Untitled Article
## 
### 
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
William Randolph Hears donations
to U.C. have totaled more than
$1,400,000.
