# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
Plans are being perfected to make
basketball a major sport at Penn State
College .
