# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
"CASTELL"
A
We've got grit tut
we it out of
on* pencils. That's
wHat itiaHes them tiie
smoothest writing
pencil in tHe worlq
A.W. FABER.INC.'NEWARK.N.J
