# Ross Van Gundy Married
## 
### 
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
The marriage of Miss Linda Pelton
and Ross Van Gundy, '23, took place
in San Jose on March 22. Van Gundy
is a member of Alpha Chi Sigma. He
and his bride will live in San Fran
cisco.
