# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
j TOWN TAXI i
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
i Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIItlllllllllllllllllMIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIillllllUIIIIIHMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII!
