# Body of Mogensen Boy Recovered From Creek
## 
### 
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
The body of the Mogensen boy, who
was drowned in the San Francisquito
Creek, Sunday afternoon, was recov
ered today by P. L. Warner and Peter
Schmidt of Palo Alto, who are eli
gible for the $200 reward offered by
Nels P. Mogensen, father of the boy.
Funeral services will be held tomor
row from the home. The body was
unmutilated.
