# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
Dr. Robert Lewis Richards, medical
superintendent of the Mendocino State
Hospital at Talmage, will address the
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem" tomorrow afternoon at its
regular meeting.
