# Students to Smoke on Union Tonight
## 
### 
Members and non-members o? the
Stanford Union, who are at the smoker
tonight, will be entertained with
everything from a talk on the pi csent
war situation, to wresl'ing and box
ing matches. Music by "Doug" Mc-
Lachlan, '17, and "Dutch" Henr>, '18,
will begin promptly at 7:1 â€¢>, aijd as a
lesult M ia necessary t.'.at everyone
be on time.
Following the music, President Wil
bur will give a short talk. The com
mittee in charge of the affair has
scheduled a fast wrestling match be
tween C. O. Fenlason, '19, and P. 11.
.(ones, '18.
Professor Krehbiel of the History
department will next speak on "The
Aspects of the Armed Neutrality
Question." Many people believe that
President* Wilson's latest policy will
mean war and Stanford men will bo
aiforded a rare opportunity tonight to
hear a recognized authority on tiiis
subject.
For the next entertainment the Glee
Club will sing several songs, to be
followed by a new stunt at Stanford.
