# Harvard "Crimson" Would Abolish Freshman Hazing
## 
### 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov<l6.—(l.P.)
—Doing away with all initiation of
freshmen at Harvard is being consid
ered following the attack by the Har
vard Crimson on the recent antics of
the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770
Club when it initiated freshmen in
Harvard Square.
It is being argued that such initia
tions are too childish and out of
keeping with the dignity of the insti
tution.
