# SINGS TONIGHT
## 
### 

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.

Sophie Braslau, contralto, who will
appear tonight in the Assembly Hall
in the first concert of the Peninsula
Musical Association series for 1927-28.
