# Claims Clothes Invented As Protection From Bugs
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— (P.I.P.) —
Professor Knoght Dunlap, of Johns
Hopkins University, advances the
theory that clothing was first used to
keep fiies and other insects away.
