# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
Mrs. E. W. Allan, Dean of Women,
has gone to Denver, to attend a con
ference of Deans of Women held In
that city.
