# College Notes
## 
### 
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
Columbia now ranks first among
American Universities in enrollment.
The total registration this year 's
7058.
The captain of the Indiana basket
hall team has been denied his letter
because he broke training rules by at
tending a dance.
