# Cap and Gowns Out Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
Following the precedent of previous
years, the women of the Senior class
will inaugurate the wearing of cap and
gowns upon Wednesdays, during the
