# New Wiring Delay Caused by Rains
## 
### 
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
Construction on Stanford's new
underground wiring system, now
being performed by the Corporation
Yard, has been delayed three weeks,
according to Carroll Blacker, super
intendent of buildings and grounds.
Grounds.
Blacker said the causes of the de
lay were excessive rain and changes
in the type of construction used.
He said that the delay would prob
ably postpone completion of the
project until next July.
