# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.

By United Press
General George C. Kenney, commander of the Far Eastern Air Forces
and first of General Douglas Mac Arthur's staff to return from the
Pacific, arrived at Hamilton Field, Calif., staunchly supporting air
power as the prime factor in maintaining peace. "Air power brought
Japan to her knees, and air power will keep the peace," he said.
