# Microwave Unit Nears Completion
## 
### 
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
Completion of the physics depart
ment's new Microwave Laboratory,
located behind Sequoia Hall, is an
ticipated by the middle of February.
The University Planning Office
reports that a few unreceived ship
ments of electrical equipment are
holding up the completion. At pres
ent, the building is being painted
and telephone equipment installed.
The Microwave Laboratory will
eventually be the home of Stan
ford's Electron Linear Accelerator,
commonly known as an atom
smasher. The accelerator is being
constructed by the physics depart
ment.
