# Sports Timetable
## 
### 
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
FRIDAY
B:oo—Wrestling vs. Cal Poly, Pa
vilion
y : ;jo— Basketball vs. CCNY, Cow
Palace
SATURDAY
2::>o—liasrhall vs. IMofYnt Mante
cas. Sunken Diamond
2:.'{o—Rugby vs. Olympic Club.
Home Field
8:00—Boxing vs. UCLA. Pavilion
