# Actress Jane Darwell To Be on KSU Program
## 
### 
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
Miss Jane Darwell, the star of
"Build No Fence Around Me," will
be personally interviewed by Stu
art Whittlesey over KSU Monday
night at 7.
