# Gives Ten Millions
## 
### 

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.

Senator James Couzens, of De
troit, has established a fund of
$10,000,000 to aid children.
