# Voted San Francisco Attorney Speaks.
## 
### 
Members of the Law School yester
day listened to an address given by
United States District Attorney R. T.
Devlin, who is one of tlie best-known
legal practitioners of San Francisco
and the author of several legal treat
ises, one of the best known being
"Devlin on Deeds." The speaker se
lected for his talk the subject of
"Equity Procedure in Federal Courts,"
sind in the course of his lecture ex
plained fully the prescribed jurisdic
tion of the Federal courts with its re
li>tion to the common law and the
equity sides of those tribunals. He
also touched upon the relation that
the State courts have to the Federal
bodies with reference to their juris
diction and the manner in which cases
might be transferred from one to the
other.
This is the third of the series of

lectures by prominent lawyers that,
the Law School is offering under the
name of "Legal Tactics."
