# STANFORD PROFESSORS TEACHING IN EAST
## 
### 
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
Members of the English department
faculty are representing Stanford at
various institutions this summer. Pro
fessor H. D. Gray is teaching at the
Brigham Young University, Utah; Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett in the public
speaking department of Northwestern
University, Illinois, and Miss Edith
Mirrielees at a summer session for
English students specializing in writ
ing that is being held at Breadloaf,
Vermont.
