# BRITISH VICTIMS OF DIRIGIBLE RETURNED
## 
### 
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
DOVER, Eng., Oct. 7. (/P) — The
British destroyer Tempest tonight
brought back to England the bodies
of Britain's airmen who perished in
the wreck of the dirigible R-101
Sunday morning at Beauvais,
France. The destroyer Tribune, her
sister ship, ran aground outside
Boulogne Harbor, across the chan
nel, and the Tempeste had to re
turn and take off the coffins she
was carrying.
