# GERTRUDE HAWLEY APPOINTED FACULTY MEMBER OF W.A.A.
## 
### 
Miss Gertrude Hawley, the new
director of Roble gymnasium, was
appointed faculty member of the
W.A.A. board at a meeting of that
body last night. She succeeds Miss
Helen Masters Bunting.
Miss Hawley received the ap
pointment to her position at Stan
ford at a meeting of the Board of
Trustees last spring. She formerly
held the position of head of the
women at Northwestern University,
physical education department for
Mary Edith Jones, the representa
tive of Women's "S" Society on the
board, was appointed W.A.A. pub
licity manager for the coming yeai\
Plans for the triangle sports day,
which Stanford holds each year
with Mills College and the Univer
sity of California, were discussed.
This sports day is held on the cam
puses of the thiee colleges and last
year the University of California
offered her hospitality to the wo
men. Although it is Stanford's turn
to hold the meeting, the incomple
tion of the gymnasium makes it al
most impossible.
Arrangements will be made with
the other members of the triangle
conference to overcome this diffi
culty of a meeting place.
