# FLOOD CAUSES LOSS
## 
### 
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
BRADY. Texas, Oct. 7. (/Pi— I The
loss caused by the flood waters from
the Brady river, which partially
inundated the business section of
town yesterday, was estimated at
$300,000 today. No lives were lost.
