# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline for OATQ is 1 p.m. two days before publication.
Separate forms must be submitted for each day an announce
ment is to appear.
