# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Notwithstanding the pretentious
signboards about the running track
warning onlookers to keep off the
cinders, there are some individuals
who pay not the slightest heed to
these silent admonitions. They tramp
complacently over the new laid cind
ers unmindful of the fact that they
are to that which bids
fair to become the finest track on
the Coast. Especially at this time,
while the track is settling, each
student should make it his personal
business to see that the athletic
track is not trespassed upon.
Notwithstanding the pretentious
signboards about the running track
warning onlookers to keep off the
cinders, there are some individuals
who pay not the slightest heed to
these silent admonitions. They tramp
complacently over the new laid cind
ers unmindful of the fact that they
are to that which bids
fair to become the finest track on
the Coast. Especially at this time,
while the track is settling, each
student should make it his personal
business to see that the athletic
track is not trespassed upon.
Notwithstanding the pretentious
signboards about the running track
warning onlookers to keep off the
cinders, there are some individuals
who pay not the slightest heed to
these silent admonitions. They tramp
complacently over the new laid cind
ers unmindful of the fact that they
are to that which bids
fair to become the finest track on
the Coast. Especially at this time,
while the track is settling, each
student should make it his personal
business to see that the athletic
track is not trespassed upon.
Notwithstanding the pretentious
signboards about the running track
warning onlookers to keep off the
cinders, there are some individuals
who pay not the slightest heed to
these silent admonitions. They tramp
complacently over the new laid cind
ers unmindful of the fact that they
are to that which bids
fair to become the finest track on
the Coast. Especially at this time,
while the track is settling, each
student should make it his personal
business to see that the athletic
track is not trespassed upon.
