# Graduates Must Apply For Advanced Degrees
## 
### 
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
Graduate students in their second
quarter of work for an advanced de
gree, who expect to complete re
quirements for the Master of Arts or
Engineer's degree at the close of the
summer quarter, should file appli
cation for admission to candidacy for
the degree not later than April 29th.
All candidates for advanced de
grees at the close of the present
quarter should make certain that
applications for such degrees are on
file in the office of the Committee on
Graduate Study.
