# ARIZONA POLOISTS CONFIDENT OF SERIES WIN THIS WEEK
## 
### 

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.

Confident that they can win one of the three match es with Stanford poloists this week, the Arizona mallet
men pictured above meet the Cardinals today, Wednesday, and Friday in the last of a series of live maches.
The Stanford team was defeated by this outfit twice tast winter in Tucson. The visiting quintet from left to
right are: Neilson Brown, team captain, George Judson, Jack Budlong, James Curtis, and Gregory Hathaway.
