# OCEAN-GOING VESSELS WILL PASS THROUGH HERE
## 
### 

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)

This view shows ho,w construction is progressing on the $3,000,000 navigation locks at the $34,000,000
Bonneville dam on the Columbia river near Portland, Ore. Sea-going freighters will pass through here
to the wharves that will line thn wide lake formed bv the dam. (Associated Press Photo)
