# Elmer Scherf Teaching School
## 
### 
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
Elmer Scherf, '23, is teaching com
mercial work in the Gilroy high
school. He is a member of Delta Tau
Delta.
