# RIFLE CLUB MEMBERS PRACTICE ON RANGES
## 
### 
Riflle club members art practicing daily
on their indoor and outdoor ranges in
preparations for target competitions
scheduled during the coming year. The
annual rifle meet with the University of
California will take place in December,
club officials have announced. Challenges
have been accepted, by the organization
for matches with several universities 011
the Pacific coast.
The club roster totals twenty. Stu
dents who are interested in rifle work are
invited to join the cl^ib.
The Rifle Club is sponsored by the
National Rifle Association. Through this
organization the local club is able to
schedule target meets with universities
throughout the country. A challenge was
recently received from the University of
Michigan. The association supplies rifles
and ammunition for the practices and
contests.
