# Rain Causes Postponement of Concert in Band Stand
## 
### 
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
Unsettled weather conditions caused
the postponement of the opening con
cert in the new band shell, which
Stanford Hand was scheduled to give
this afternoon. The concert will be
given at some date in the near future
which has not yet been definitely
settled.
