# Daily Ends Winter Publication Today
## 
### 
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
Today is the final day of The
Stanford Daily publication for
winter quarter. Publication will
resume on spring quarter regis
tration day, Monday, April 2.
