# Harriman Urges Export Control
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce W. Averill
Harriman said today in a special re
port to Congress that the govern
ment's power to control exports must
be extended beyond next Feb. 29 "to
protect the domestic economy and
promote the foreign policy of the
United States."
It was the first official administra
tion request for legislation to im
plement the Marshall Plan for Euro
pean recovery.
Harriman also asked for continued
authority to issue priorities when
necessary to make critical materials
available for export; for extension
of controls over the import and dis
tribution of a few scarce materials;
and for the maintenance of Office of
Defense transportation powers to
regulate the use of box-cars and
rail transportation.
