# Relief Rally To Be Held
## 
### 
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
Ernest R. Hilgard, professor of
psychology and education, will speak
on the importance of the Stanford
Relief Fund Drive at a rally for the
drive Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Cub
berley Auditorium.
All workers, collectors, and living
group representatives must be pres
ent to receive specific equipment
and instructions on the handling of
the drive, according to Bill Dirker
and Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive. The public is also invited to
attend.
DOCUMENTARY FILM
The documentary film "Seeds of
Destiny" will also be shown. This
picture won the Academy Award for
the best documentary film. Dirker
describes it as one of the most pow
erful presentations of the present
day world problems.
A skit on the art of collection will
be given by Joe Young and Brownie
Corrin, two former stars of the Big
Game and Gaieties.
GOAL SET
The Stanford Relief Fund Drive
will open Monday, Nov. 10, and
continue through the following Sat
urday. A goal of $.12,000, or about
$1.50 per person, has been set for
the drive.
The University of Naples will re
ceive 30 per cent of the proceeds,
the World Student Service Fund 20
per cent, the Palo Alto - Stanford
Community Youth Fund 40 per cent,
and miscellaneous charities 10 per
cent.
VILLAGE COLLECTIONS
Molly Shaw and Bill Dirker, co
chairmen of the Stanford Interna
tional Relief Organization (SIRO),
are co-chairmen of the drive. Ray
Samuelson will handle the special
events while Jim Myerson will be
in charge of the dance that will be
given Nov. 15.
Village collections will be in
charge of Burt Wilncr in Building
216 A, and Ed Wells, Si«ma Chi. will
handle the men's Row. Andrew
Syka is making the posters for the
drive.


ERNEST HILGARI), professor
of psychology and education, will
speak at the Relief Drive Rally
Thursday.
