# Pravda Criticizes U.S. Policy
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
MOSCOW, Nov. 2 (UP). Pravda,
newspaper organ of the Russian
Communist party, noted a similar
ity between "American imperial
ism" and Hitlerism.
Warming to their work as the an
nual celebration of the Bolshevik
revolution of Nov. 7, 1917, ap
proached, Soviet commentators also
made a new attack on American
policy in Greece.
In an international review, Prav
da said that the Truman plan for
aiding Greece and Turkey and

other countries — against Leftist
pressure and the Marshall Plan for
European recovery involved use of
the drive-to-the-East policy — the
traditional "Drang nach Osten" pol
icy of Adolf Hitler.
