# Peruvian Quakes Kill 44 Persons
## 
### 
LIMA, Peru, Nov. 2 (UP). â€”At
least 44 persons were counted dead
today and seven towns heavily
damaged in a scries of earth tre
mors which began at 10 a.m. Satur
day and continued to shake central
Peru until dawn yesterday.
Tidal waves heaved up by the
quakes also sank six fishing boats
off the northern Peruvian coast, but
no lives were reported lost there.
Heaviest hit among the seven
communities was the mountain town
of Satipo, virtually destroyed by
earthquake and floods. The tem
blors breached the dikes in the
Satipo River.
The flood destroyed the hospital,
with only a few patients saved, and
ripped other public buildings from
their foundations. A bridge and
part of the highway were washed
out, isolating the stricken commu
nity except by air.
The total of those killed in Satipo
was reported to be 40, but rescue
workers feared that many others
were buried under debris or had
been drowned and washed away.
The panic-stricken population has
fled the town and is living in the
surrounding hills, reports reaching
Lima said.
