# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
The U. C. freshmen completed their
season with a win over the Nevada
varsity at Reno. The score was Cali
fornia Fresflmen 36, Nevada Varsity fi.
