# Series Begins
## 
### 
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
David Kean, expert on the
psychological effects of cyberna
tion, will open the Political
Union's Great Society Focus
Series tonight in the Large
Lounge in Tresidder Union. Mr.
Kean's talk will be "A Great
Society in America?: Public Pov
erty and Private Affluence."
The Focus Series, entitled "A
Great Society in America," will
deal with the problems of main
taining democratic values and
processes.
