# Job Interview Sign-ups
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
â– signed today at the Placement
Service for the following job in
terviews:
Bakerslirld Junior College: In
terviews Feb. 4 for positions at
Bakersfield; openings in math,
engineering, English and director
of campus residence.
Continental Oil Company: In
terviews Feb. 4 and 5 for posi
tions in Houston, Tex., for M.B.A.
Sacramento State College: In
terviews Feb. 5 for positions in
Sacramento; openings in educa
tion, art, business, business law,
industrial management, engineer
ing, sociology, music, physics, so
cial work, recreation, geography,
speech, real estate, life science,
economics, French, history, Eng
lish, chemistry and math.
Westinghouse Klectric Com
pany: Interviews Feb. 5 and G for
positions in San Francisco.
Applications for Civil Service
examinations for - Assistant Infor
mation Officer must be filed by
P'eb. 6. Details and application
forms may be obtained from the

State Personnel Board offices ir
San Francisco.
