# Adv. 31 Page 8
## 
### 
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
j r~
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Curliflp
" JEWEIERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage (ewelers
For Over 35 Years
