# Security is...
## 
### 
A yearly book-loss total of
more than 1500 volumes
from Meyer Library
prompted the installation of
this electronic security sys
tem this fall. An electronic ra
dio field, emitted by special
tags attached to library mate
rials. sets off a signal when
books are passed through
turnstiles, making individual
checking of the bags of those
leaving the library unneces
sary. The system cost more
than $10,000, and it costs
about 10 cents per book to
tag the 150,000 volumes cur
rently in Meyer. Officials say
the project is successful so
far: "We haven't taken an in
ventory yet, so we don't have
exact figures, but the system
appears to be working well."
said Elizabeth Salzer, head li
brarian at Meyer.


Impute/Daily
