# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
I Florida has 14 deep water
ports, more than any other state
in the U. S.
