# Gaieties Tickets Will Be on Sale
## 
### 
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
Reservations for tickets to the
19.">8 Ram's Head Gaieties are be
ing taken now at Hie Memorial
Auditorium box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m., according to Busi
ness Manager Carole Cosgrove.
Seats are priced at $1.75, $1.50
and $1.25 for the four-night run-
Nov. 18 21. Because of the Tues
day Evening Series and the frosh
bonfire, the Tuesday and Thurs
day performances will begin at
9:15 p.m. and Wednesday and Fri
day night performances at 8:15.
