# Nurses Visit
## 
### 
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
The AWS will sponsor a coffoe
hour tonight at 7:15 at tlie Wom
en's Clubhouse for first-year stu
dent nurses visiting campus to
day from the Stanford School of
Nursing.
The coffee hour is open to all
students.
