# WILL LECTURE ON ASTRONOMY
## 
### 
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
Professor S. D. Townley of the De
partment of Applied Mathematics will
show a series of lantern slides of as
tronomical subjects in Room 50 on
Tuesday evening, December 9, begin
ning at 7:30 o'clock. While is
primarily for students in astronomy
the public is cordially invited.
