# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is a pleasure to note that the
movement to form a bicycle club has
been brought to a successful issue.
All that remains to be done now is
for those who have organized the
club to arrange for such events as
will keep the club alive. The pro
posed relay racs with Berkeley is to
the purpose, and it is to be hoped
that arrangements can be jerfected.
The next meeting of the club should
see every live wheelman in the Uni
versity present.
It is a pleasure to note that the
movement to form a bicycle club has
been brought to a successful issue.
All that remains to be done now is
for those who have organized the
club to arrange for such events as
will keep the club alive. The pro
posed relay racs with Berkeley is to
the purpose, and it is to be hoped
that arrangements can be jerfected.
The next meeting of the club should
see every live wheelman in the Uni
versity present.
It is a pleasure to note that the
movement to form a bicycle club has
been brought to a successful issue.
All that remains to be done now is
for those who have organized the
club to arrange for such events as
will keep the club alive. The pro
posed relay racs with Berkeley is to
the purpose, and it is to be hoped
that arrangements can be jerfected.
The next meeting of the club should
see every live wheelman in the Uni
versity present.
It is a pleasure to note that the
movement to form a bicycle club has
been brought to a successful issue.
All that remains to be done now is
for those who have organized the
club to arrange for such events as
will keep the club alive. The pro
posed relay racs with Berkeley is to
the purpose, and it is to be hoped
that arrangements can be jerfected.
The next meeting of the club should
see every live wheelman in the Uni
versity present.
