# ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN BY STANFORD WOMEN
## 
### 
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
Baskets of fruit and flowers were
taken to the man at the Red Cross
house in the base hospital at Fremont
Sunday afternoon hy the women of the
University Social Service Committee,
of which Evelyn Flowers, '20, is the
chairman.
A short program was given for the
entertainment of the men during the
afternoon. Helen Daly, '21, sang, and
Kirby Ingolshy, '21, gave a reading.
The men also contributed to the pro
gram with vocal and instrumental se
lections.
As the end of the semester will soon
draw this work to a close, the com
mittee is planning a more elaborate en
tertainment to be given for the men
in the near future,
