# CHRISTIAN WORKER URGES ACTIVITY BY COMMITEE.
## G.C. Seaman Describes Success of Labor of Y.M.C.A. Men in Other Universities. 
### 
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
Two of the ablest speakers in Y. M.
C. A. work, G. C. Seaman, Interna
tional Secretary of the Association,
and State Secretary Hagerman, last
night urged to earnest and conscien
tious endeavor the members of the
local "Special Committe" of forty who
are to have charge of the coming Mer
cer-Carter religious meetings. Secre
tary 1). W. Weist, '05, ot the local as
sociation, outlined the purpose of the
meeting, and stated that it was
through the influence of Seaman, that
E. C. Mercer, who visited the campus
two years ago, lias been induced to
come here again and take up work
among the men along a moral and
religious line. Secretary Hagerman
followed with a powerful address, in
which he pictured the work which
Mercer and Carter might do at Stan
ford, were the way prepared for them
by the united efforts of an earnest
committee. Seaman described the
work which these men have done at
other universities. "At Wisconsin,"
said he, "thirty professors and two
hundred students made a public con
fession of faith, and in a personal let
ter the President of that University
states that these meetings were the
best things that every happened at
Wisconsin. Carter was a popular Har
vard man, and is even now pointed to
as the man who put association work
on its feet there, while Mercer has
probably had the ear of more college
men than any other man in America.
Universities all up and down the coast
are even now up in arms to think that
they cannot secure visits from these
two men, and Stanford should count
itself fortunate to secure the Mercer-
Carter meetings."
The two men will spend four days on
the campus during the early part of
January, and it is possible that a com
panion campaign will be waged among
the women of the University at the
same time.
