# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Boarding anil Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
