# UNIVERSITY BULLETIN
## 
### 
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
Wednesday.
Student Body meeting, Chapel,
1:15.
Smokerless Smoker and Rally, As
sembly Hall, 7:30.
