# Eastern Football Games
## 
### 
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
The following are the results on
Eastern gridirons in Wednesday's
games:
Pennsylvania 58, Haverford 0;
Harvard 23, Hates 0; Yale 33, W'es
leyan 0; Princeton GB, Gettysburg
0; Chicago 23, Cornell (Iowa) 0;
Columbia 25, Hamilton 0; Amherst
23, Bowdoin 0; Minnesota 5, Ham
lin 0; Dartmouth 30, Vermont 0;
Lehigh 10, Svvarthmore 5; Illinois
40, Chicago Physicians and Sur
geons College 0; Andover 00, Dor
chester 0.
