# Debating Trophy Arrives
## 
### 
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
The W. R. Hearst debating cup,
possession of which for this year
was won last April by the Inter
collegiate team composed of F.
Roehr, '04, O. C. Spencer, '04, and
H. M. Lewis, '04, arrived today,
and is on exhibition at the Regis
trar's office. The cup stands about
two feet high, and is made of sil
ver. The bowl of the cup is gold
lined. The inscription on the cup
is as follows: "Hearst debating cup,
offered by William R. Hearst to
the students of Stanford University
and the University of California as
a debating trophy, to be perma
nently held by the university first
winning three intercollegiate de
bates." On the back of the cup
are the letters "S" and "C." The
date "1903" is engraved under the
former, showing that Stanford won
the first debate.
