# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
Contribute to
the Sounding
Board.
Call 3-2555,
ext. 650.
__ S
STUDENTS!
EARN
$1,000,000
IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI
Got a great Idea for a new
board game or toy?
Call us and we can help you
place your Idea with a
Major Toy Company.
Call Lisa at (510) 734-6666
„ YANKEE DOODLE TOYS
Contribute to
the Sounding
Board.
Call 3-2555,
ext. 650.
__ S
STUDENTS!
EARN
$1,000,000
IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI
Got a great Idea for a new
board game or toy?
Call us and we can help you
place your Idea with a
Major Toy Company.
Call Lisa at (510) 734-6666
„ YANKEE DOODLE TOYS
Contribute to
the Sounding
Board.
Call 3-2555,
ext. 650.
__ S
STUDENTS!
EARN
$1,000,000
IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI
Got a great Idea for a new
board game or toy?
Call us and we can help you
place your Idea with a
Major Toy Company.
Call Lisa at (510) 734-6666
„ YANKEE DOODLE TOYS
Contribute to
the Sounding
Board.
Call 3-2555,
ext. 650.
__ S
STUDENTS!
EARN
$1,000,000
IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI
Got a great Idea for a new
board game or toy?
Call us and we can help you
place your Idea with a
Major Toy Company.
Call Lisa at (510) 734-6666
„ YANKEE DOODLE TOYS
Contribute to
the Sounding
Board.
Call 3-2555,
ext. 650.
__ S
STUDENTS!
EARN
$1,000,000
IN YOUR SPARE TIMEI
Got a great Idea for a new
board game or toy?
Call us and we can help you
place your Idea with a
Major Toy Company.
Call Lisa at (510) 734-6666
„ YANKEE DOODLE TOYS
