# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Marjorie Bowes, '50,
to Sherrod Stone Davis, graduate
law student.
