# Farm Prof Runs For Slate Office
## 
### 
Dr. John C. A'.mack, retired Stan
ford faculty member, is currently
running as a candidate in the June
(5 primaries for Santa Clara County
state senator.
Almack is a Republican, but he is
seeking nomination by both parties,
having cross - filed on the Demo
cratic ticket. He is a Warren sup
porter.
Candidate Almack is an emeritus
professor of education, and in ad
dition to teaching at Stanford for
almost 29 years, he also served on
the Palo Alto Board of Education
for 10 years. In the past, Almack
has written several books, includ
ing "Education for Citizenship,"
"Modern School Administration,"
"History of the United States" (co
author), a Life Guidance series, and
also a series on Narcotics Control.
