# Engineers' Talk Opens Seminars
## 
### 
A senioi seminar will be held this
evening at 7:15 in the Excom room
of the Union for members of the
Electrical Engineering Department.
Ibis is the first in a series of
programs inaugurated by the Stu
dent-Faculty Commission this year.
The seminar hopes that, through
discussions and evaluations of the
educational system by professors
and students, a better system will
emerge.
In the past it has been the task
of the faculty to evaluate and im
prove education. Hank Rosin, AS
SU president, feels that the stu
dents can aid the faculty in this
job.
The seminar will eventually reach
into each department in the Uni
versity. Should the plan prove a
success, it will be set up in such a
manner that each department will
have this type of meeting once
every two years.
Probable discussion topics will be
the content and teaching of the
courses and the advising, counsel
ing, and orientation program.
Five faculty representatives of
the Electrical Engineering Depart
ment who will praticipate tonight
are Professors Hugh H. Skilling,
Karl R. Spangenburg, William G.
Hoover, Henry P. Blanchard, and
Leland H. Brown.
The ten graduating seniors, se
lected at random, arc Dave Zopt,
Ted Quick, Bob Rorden, Paul
Stoltz, Carl Shannon, G. D. Gade
holt, G. M. Dodd, Jack Knudson,
Joe Gustin, and Dan Dennis.
