# New Joffre Squad Will be Organized
## Second Unlimited Group Will Prepare Three Other Teams 
### 
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
An independent and limited forensic
squad will be organized next quarter for
the preparation of Stanford's Joffre de
bating team which meets the University
of California in the spring, Coach Mc-
Clintock announced this morning. An
other squad unlimited in number will at
the same titne conduct preparations and
tryouts for the two teams to argue with
Washington and Oregon under rules of
the Pacific Coast Debating League, and
also for a trio to meet the Redlands
University.
Membership in the Joffre "extem
poraneous" squad may be gained only
by direct application to Coach McClin
tock, who states that certain rather
stringent qualifications of experience
are necessary. All undergraduates are
eligible to the second squad. Academic
credit will lie given for work in both
squads.
Two men will be sent to Seattle on
the first Friday in March, while an
other combination of two speakers will
on the same night meet Oregon's repre
sentatives at the Stanford Assembly
Hall.
The Redlands team will argue here on
March 25.
A general subject for the Joffre argu
ment will be selected during the holidays
by a faculty committee of three repre
sentatives from California and three
from Stanford. Professor L. E. Bassett
will announce the names in the near
future.
