# AMERICAN FOOTBALL STARS TO COMPETE FOR RUGBY TEAM
## 
### 
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
Prospects for the strongest rugby com
bination ever gathered together on the
Pacific Coast were bettered yesterday
by the decision of the rugby coaches to
strengthen the dual line-up by the use
of the American football stars.
Vancouver and Victoria boasted such
strong fifteens before the war that Wy
lie has decided to t?ke with him on the
trip north the best material available,
irrespective of collcgc or length of
practice.
The California players who seem to
have the best oppoitunity of securing
berths 011 the all-star team are Raggio
and Atwater, among the backs, and
Brooks and Tilden as forwards.
Templcton, Righter, Carroll, Patrick,
and Bihlman arc among the American
stars who are competing for places on
the intercollegiate fifteen. The com
bined game with California 011 Saturday
will see all these men in action, and a
prospective line-up for the all-stars will
be chosen by the committee upon the
strength of their showing.
Advices from the north indicate that
great efforts are being made to bolster
the teams in preparation for the coming
contests.
