# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
