# CHINESE POETRY
## 
### 
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
Dr. Henry H. Hart, a student of
Chinese culture, includes 3.'5 new
translations of Chinese lyric poems
in a new edition of his book, "Poems
of the Hundred Names," published
recently by the Stanford University
Press.
