# CORO INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
Representatives of the Coro
Foundation will be on campus I'to
morrow in the West Memorial Li
brary in the Political Science De
partment to meet with interested
students. Interviews will lie con
ducted at the Placement Service
March 9.
