# STANFORD PLAYERS
## The 						Tempest' Opens Thursday 
### JAYNE KRAVIG 
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
"The Tempest," Shakespeare's last
independent play, will open Thurs
day night at 8:15 in Memorial Au
ditorium as the Stanford Players'
second production of this quarter,
, under the direction of Norman Phil
brick.
Tickets are on sale now for $1 at
the Memorial Auditorium box officc
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at the
Peninsula Box Office, DA 2-2122.
Starring Patrick Wytnark as Pros
pero and Inge Schmidt as his daugh
ter Miranda, "Tlie Tempest" is the
story of the magician and banished
Duke of Milan and his daughter.
They live for 13 years on a desert
i.siand with only the spirits of the
• ait and earth to serve them, hut
eventually escape and regain their
dukedom,
Other major parts are played by
Judy Doty as Ariel, the sprite who
serves Prospero; Kon Feinbcrg as
the monster Caliban, and Philip An
geloff as Ferdinand, the son of the
King of Naples, who falls in love

with Miranda.
Other cast members include Don
Soule. as the traitorous Antonio;
Ross Durfee, the drunken butler,
Stephano; and Cole Manes, King
Alon/.0.
Minor roles will be played by Da
vid O'Brien, James McCarthy, Mer
rit Johnson, Wallace Whipple. An
thony Nicholson, Jacqueline White,
Janet Mason. Richard Meyer, Wal
ter Brown, Kenneth Hirsch, Wally
Carson, Paul Burkhardt, and Bill
Francis and a number of nymphs.
Thr production will involve a
number of special effects and cos
tumes such as flying spirits, harpy
costumes, rainbows, flaming appa
ritions, and a disappearing banquet
table.
Lighting designei ' - DHford
Brummer, Virginia Opsvig is in
charge of costumes, and Hugo Mel
ehionc is scenery designer. The
dances are under the supervision of
Mrs. Margaret Duggar, and oricinal
music has been composed by John
Hunt.
