# Junior Men Will Retake Psych Exams
## 
### 
Junior men who as freshmen were |
quizzed by means of an attitude- j
interest test have their last oppor
tunity tonight to retake the exami- j
nation. Dr. Robert T. Ross, assistant i
professor of psychology, emphasized |
today.
Of the 130 junior women tested in j
1937 and still in residence 70 per j
cent complied with the requests of |
the psychology department in ap- j
pearing for the second test this j
week.
As 30 per cent of the original |
freshman men have since left the
University, Dr. Ross has urged the
co-operation of all remaining junior
men to facilitate accurate tabulation
of the college students' views.
Men taking the test are required
to allow 40 minutes time between 7
and 9:30 o'clock in Room*loo tonight.
