# Students to Hear Chronicle Editor
## 
### 
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
Chester Howell, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and Jong a
prominent member of the Republi
can national party, will be the
speaker at the International Rela
tions Club tomorrow night at 8:00
o'clock after the rally in the Edu
cation auditorium, according to
Shirley Okell, publicity chairman.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
introduce the speaker with reminis
cences and anecdotes about his early
career. The meeting is open to all
who wish to attend.
