# All Syllabus Fees Payable Today
## 
### 
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
Syllabus fees, issued by the Uni
versity Tuesday, are due to be paid
today to the cashier at the Account
ing Department in the Administra
tion Building.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made on fees not paid by today, un
less they are less than $2. In the
latter case, a fine equal to the fee
has been set.
Registration will be subject to
cancellation if the bills arc not paid
by Nov. IG. Questions regarding the
charges should be submited to the
Registrar's OfTice for adjustment be
fore paying.
