# Frosh Nominate Nine for Offices
## 
### 
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
Nine students were nominated
yesterday for president and secre
tary-treasurer of the freshman class.
Election of these officers will take
place next Tuesday between 8:30 and
2 o'clock.
Six students, running for presi
dent, are as follows: John Burris,
Ted Carpenter, Dick Northon, Shel
don Parker, Ben Parkinson, and
Norman Ross. Those competing for
secretary-treasurer arc Janice Brad
bury, Mary Lou Hyatt, and Linda
Rehm.
Declinations of nominations can
be made between 8 and (5 o'clock to
day on blanks at the election booth
on the Law Steps. If declinations
are not submitted l>efore closing
time, the name will appear on the
ballot. Election booths will be lo
cated, A-L, on the Law Steps and,
M-Z, on the Engineering Corner.
