# Draft Capsules
## 
### 

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.

SOME TIME after Oct. 1«, draft
registration day, sample capsules
like these shown will be used in a
national drawing of numbers in
Washington. Numbers on white
cardboard will be inserted in the
capsules.
