# LIONS DUMP RAMS, 6-0
## 
### 
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
DETROIT, Sept. 29 (UP).-Byron
(Whizzer) White today flashed the
form which makes him one of pro
fessional football's highest paid per
formers to lead the Detroit Lions to
a (i-0 upset'victory over the Cleve
land Rams, former co-leader of the
western division of the National
League.
