# Betty Jameson Nabs Golf Title Again
## 
### 
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
PEBBLE BEACH. Sept. 29 (UP).—
Betty Jamesen, San Antonio, Tex.,
girl who gunned for the title eight
seasons before she clicked, today
held the Women's National Amateur
Golf championship for the second
straight year.
Never seriously threatened during
her week of competition against the
best women players in the nation,
the deliberate Texas girl scored a
brilliant 6 and 5 victory over Jane
Cothran of Greenville, S.C., in yes
terday's 36-hole final match over
the tough Pebble Beach course.
