# Whitaker to Talk On Stanford Hour
## 
### 
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
Discussing his belief that human
nature can be better understood by
reading current biography and fic
tion than by studying psychology,
sociology, and history, Dr. Virgil K.
Whitaker, assistant profesosr of his
tory. will speak Wednesday evening
from 5:30 to 5:45 over station KPO.
The subject of his talk for the
Stanford University- On the Air
program is "Through Books to
Men."
