# Lombardi Injury Hits Reds' Hopes
## 
### 
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
CINCINNATI, Sep.* 29 (UP).—'The
World Se lies outlook iof the Na
tional League champion Cincinnati
Reds took on a deep blue tint to
day.
Bluest note in the Reds' sym
phony is the news that big Schnozz
Lombardi, hard-hitting first-string
catcher, won't he ready to go be
hind the plate in. the opening game
against the Detroit Tigers Wednes
day.
