# Fadiman Lectures Thursday in S.F.
## 
### 
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
Clifton Fadiman will take his au
dience behind the "mikes" and "pro
duction boxes" when he speaks
Thursday evening at the Memorial
Opera House in San Francisco. "In
side Radio" is the announced topic
of his lecture and speaking time is !
8:30 o'clock.
Fadiman, master of ceremonies on
radio's "Information Please" and
literary editor of the New Yorker, is
appearing in the bay city on his
fifth seasonal lecture tour. Tickets
for the lecture are available at
Sherman Clay box office in San
Francisco.
