# LIFE OF GEORGE FOX IS SUBJECT OF TALK BY DR. RUFUS JONES
## 
### 
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
"The Life and Message of George
Fox," is the title of the lecture to be given
tomorrow afternoon in the Little Theatre
by Rufus M. Jones. This is the regular
Tuesday lecture but the time has been
changed from evening to 4:15 in the
afternoon. •
This year is the three hundredth anni
versary of George Fox, the founder of the
Society of Friends. In Dr. Jones' lecture
significance of Fox's life and work will
be pointed out.
Dr. Jones is a graduate of Haverford
University. He taught philosophy and
psychology there for some time and is now
college preacher at Harvard.
He has been the editor of several
Friends' publications and is author of
many books and articles of biography and
religion. Among these are "A Dynamic
Faith," "Practical Christianity," "The
Children of Light," and "St. Paul the
Hero."
Dr. Jones was chairman of the Friends'
Service Commission of European Relief
during the war. He is a trustee of Bryn
Mawr University and is a member of Phi
Beta Kappa.
