# NOTICE
## 
### 
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
Orders for academic costume should
be left at the Stanford Bookstore im
mediately.
