# Senior Invitations, Programs On Sale; Roll To Be Signed
## 
### 
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
Invitations for commencement exer
cises are on sale for ten cents each
this week at the Alumni Secretary's
office. Souvenir programs for the
whole senior week will be sold there
at the same time, for $1 apiece.
Graduating seniqrs are asked to
sign the class roll at the Alumni Sec
retary's office, and to pay the $2 as
sessment for doing so, as was voted
upon at the last meeting of the class.
