# Bitsy Grant Dixie's Top Netman
## 
### 
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11 (UP).— '
Bryan M. (Bitsy) Grant, Atlanta's
mighty midget of the tennis courts,
today was proclaimed Dixie's 193G j
No. 1 player by the Southern Lawn i
Tennis Association.
The association's annual rankings j
were announced here by James D.
Robertson, Memphis, member of the
ranking committee.
Winner of Ihe southern clay courts !
tournament seven times, Grant re- j
cently moved higher in tennis cir- |
cles by a pair of victories over Don
ald Budge, national top-ranking star, j

Archery enthusiasts of Western
University, University of Saskatch
ewan, and University of British Co
lumbia will hold contests on their
own campi, then telegraph the re
sults to determine the winner.
