# CAN COLONEL BRADLEY REPEAT?
## 
### 

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)

N.- . >M
Broker's Tip, one of the "big four" of the western contenders, is
definitely rated as a prospect to win the Kentucky derby a fourth time
for Col. E. R. Bradley. The colt has been impressive in workouts at
the Downs and has proved himself the ranking eligible in the blu«-
grass colonel's stables. (Associated Press Photo)
