# Alpha Sigs Down Theta Delts In Horseshoe Play
## 
### 
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
W inning 10 out of 16 matches,
Alpha Sigma Phi horseshoe pitchers
won a first-round victory in the in
tramural horseshoe tournament yes
terday. They defeated Theta Delta
Chi. Other survivors of the first
round horseshoe games are the
Breakers, Alpha Belts, and Sequoia.
Thirty-two teams are to compete in
the tourney.
