# 27 NAMED
## 
### 
The complete roster of the
team to make the I rip to Los
Angeles was announced ,\ ester
day. It includes: llablcs and
Lomhardi, sprints; Don and Al
Blarkman. Fullenwider, and Rice, j
440 and relay; Sam and Ben East
man, Naylon, and Murphy, SSO;
Ferrie and Morentin, mile: Aze- j
vedo and Amdahl, two-mile;
Meier and Herbert, hurdles;
Schween, high-jump; Lewis,
Zaches, Williams, hroad jump;
Deacon, pole vault; Gray, Lvman.
Dunn, and Laborde, shot and
discus; Mottram and Arbuckle,
javelin. Dave Brown, javelin
thrower. may also make the trip.
Morentin may be switched to the
two-mile by 2:30 Saturday after
noon.
