# CALIFORNIA LACKS FUNDS TO SEND OARSMEN SOUTH
## 
### 
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
BERKELEY. May 4—Despite the
fact that Head Coach Ky Ebright ol
the California crew has received a
wire from Major Goodsell, U.C.L.A.
rowing coach, saying that a definite
invitation has been mailed to Cali
fornia asking them to attend the re
gatta at Long Beach on July 8, it is
still doubtful if the Cal crew will
participate.
Ebright. needs more information
before he will accept. He will have
to know just what in the way of a
guarantee of expenses, if any, will
be offered by U.C.L.A. and the pro
moters of the regatta.
California has final examinations
ihL-, week and the school year will
i be over at the end of the week. The
regatta is two months away, and
there would be considerable expense
ncnessary to hold the team together
for such a long period in advance of
competition.
The Berkeley authorities and

Ebright are anxious to know where
the money, as well as transporta
tion, and incidentals, will be ob
tained.
