# DAILY PASSPORT PHOTOS
## 
### 
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
Have you been delaying your
trip overseas so you could
take advantage of our new
low prices? Well wait no
longer. We now boast the
lowest passport prices on the
Peninsula—6 passports for
just $2.50. We're open 1-3
p.m. Monday, Wednesday and
Friday. Waik in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right, and proceed until
you get to the candy
machines.
