# Adv. 13 Page 2
## 
### 
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
'
CLASSIFIEDS
® They've plenly on llie ball
® Lois of drive
• And sure to follow through
to
RES UITS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Hours 14 Dial 4717
