# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
'
MOST
JCT7jL complete
praTTO AVIATION
WATCH
For the Air Minded
Chronograph with Tole- |
meter Dial, for measure- j
ment of sound. Tachom- j
eter Dial for air or land
speed up to 400 miles per
hour. Thirty minute reg
ister. Sweep second hands.
Stop and time out. Prices
! from $25.00.
Gleim the Jeweler
266 University Ave.
P A. 6822 Palo Alto
