# Brandt to Talk At Lunch Club
## 
### 
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
Dr. Karl Brandt speaks to Lunch
Clubbers today at 12 o'clock in the
Nitery. His topic will be, "How Iso
lation Leads to War." Anyone on
campus is invited.
Dr. Brandt is an economist and
professor of agriculture in the Food
Research Institute. He has been con
ducting an intensive study on the
utilization of resources.
Planning to deal with the economic
aspect of the problem of isolation,
the Farm professor will develop the
topic along the lines of social and
resource aspects.
Buffet luncheon will be served for
25 cents. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is
faculty adviser for the group. Stu
dent. steering committee selects the
speaker each week.
