# Expensive War
## 
### 

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.

SIR JOHN SIMON. Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in this Western
Union cablephoto, leaves home
wtih bis wife for the Commons
with a bag containing the war
budget, totaling the staggering
sum ol $»,.'134,500,000.
