# CUTHBERTSON IMPROVNG
## 
### 
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
Kenneth Cuthbertson, A.S.S.U. i
president, was transferred yesterday
from the hospital to the Men's Rest
Home. Mrs. Allen of the Rest Home
reported last night that he is getting
along very nicely, and that he will
probably be released in four or five |
days.
