# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
PSYCH
EXPERIMENT
$1.75 Per Hour to learn about
your own anxiety.
Call 321-9241
or leave a note in
Charlie Swencionis' mailbox,
Psych. Department.
MALES ONLY
