# Rosch Named Reed Dean
## 
### 
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
Robert Rosch, 25, assistant dean of
students at Stanford, has been
appointed associate dean of students
and assistant professor of political
science at Reed College, effective next
September.
Rosch graduated from Stanford with
an A.B. in history in 1965 and received
his law degree here last year. He has
been in the Dean of Students Office
since September. During the 1969-70
year, Rosch will assume the
responsibilities of the Reed's Dean of
Students, Jack Dudman, who will be on
sabbatical leave.
