# College Presidents on Football.
## 
### 
President Harper of Chicago ITni
vcMsity lias openly declared himself' and
the po'iry of the University :is in favor
Â«.f InotbaM In a recent interview lid
used these words: "1 can at least say
three things about footbal 1 . First, 1
believe in football as a college game
most thoroughly. Wo must nevej con
sider the question of abolishing it.
Second, I disbelieve just as firmly in
uny and every kind of brutality con
nected with it. Third, the college
must stand for clean football, clean as
to"profcssionalism and clean as to bru
tality and unfair plu). The University
of Chicago will encourage football to
the fullest extent, especially intercol
legiate football, but only with institu
tions in which the samo high ideal is
cherished."
President Adams of Wisconsin State
University says of football: "It is the
best game for college men, all things
consideied, that has ever been played."
President Andrews of lirown Univer
sity, at the dinner of the Connecticut
Valley Alumni of lirown, at Spring
field, Mass., said: ''I believe in foot
bull as a very healthy sport. Most
people who know nothing about the
game see the fellows in a heap and
think it is murder. The game is the
finest thing in the world to 'get the
devil out of a man and give him a
sturdier physical manhood. When
slugging enters into the games it is
not pure football, This element ol
slugging should be avoided by employ
ing more and better umpires."
President Tucker of Dartmouth, in a
recent address on " The Modern Col
eye," said: "I notice that notwith
standing the newspaper reports of the
last 'deadly' game of football between
Vale and Harvard, all of the Yale men
took part within a week in another
'deadly' game, and that all but one ol
the Harvard men participated within a
week in another 'deadly' game, Ido
not speak in apology for football. 1
think there arc some rules that would
save football. It is worth saving."
