# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the lecture by Dr. Ilawets next
Fiiday evening 011 " Music, the Art
of the Age "the students will gel
for their money what would cost four
times that amount were the distin
guished lecturer heard in any other
place than a university chapel. It
is a celebrated lecture by a cele
brated man, and should be delivered
before a large audience.
In the lecture by Dr. Ilawets next
Fiiday evening 011 " Music, the Art
of the Age "the students will gel
for their money what would cost four
times that amount were the distin
guished lecturer heard in any other
place than a university chapel. It
is a celebrated lecture by a cele
brated man, and should be delivered
before a large audience.
In the lecture by Dr. Ilawets next
Fiiday evening 011 " Music, the Art
of the Age "the students will gel
for their money what would cost four
times that amount were the distin
guished lecturer heard in any other
place than a university chapel. It
is a celebrated lecture by a cele
brated man, and should be delivered
before a large audience.
In the lecture by Dr. Ilawets next
Fiiday evening 011 " Music, the Art
of the Age "the students will gel
for their money what would cost four
times that amount were the distin
guished lecturer heard in any other
place than a university chapel. It
is a celebrated lecture by a cele
brated man, and should be delivered
before a large audience.
