# Feted at Mazatlan
## 
### 
Below is given a translation of an
article appearing in LI (Jomo dc In
Trrde, Maasatlan, Jan. 11. The last
paragraph is supposed to refer fa the
conquest, of a charming beriorita, the
daughter of a well-known planter, hy
one of the students with the paity.
Below is given a translation of an
article appearing in LI (Jomo dc In
Trrde, Maasatlan, Jan. 11. The last
paragraph is supposed to refer fa the
conquest, of a charming beriorita, the
daughter of a well-known planter, hy
one of the students with the paity.
Below is given a translation of an
article appearing in LI (Jomo dc In
Trrde, Maasatlan, Jan. 11. The last
paragraph is supposed to refer fa the
conquest, of a charming beriorita, the
daughter of a well-known planter, hy
one of the students with the paity.
Below is given a translation of an
article appearing in LI (Jomo dc In
Trrde, Maasatlan, Jan. 11. The last
paragraph is supposed to refer fa the
conquest, of a charming beriorita, the
daughter of a well-known planter, hy
one of the students with the paity.
