# Game at San Jose.
## 
### 
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
Arrangements are being made
looking forward to a football game
between the Varsity and the San
Jose Normal, to be held some time
during the annual fair at San Jose,
which lasts from October Bth to
13th. It is planned to have a big
excursion to San Jose on that day,
but the plans may not go through,
as the San Jose people wish the
game to l>e on Friday or Saturday
morning, and Stanford has a game
arranged for Saturday, Oct. loth.
