# Old Testament Prof Hosted By Wilbur
## 
### 
David Allan Hubbard, presi
dent of the Fuller Theological
Seminary in Pasadena, visits
Stanford as a Wilbur Hall Guest
in-Residence February 11-14. The
Stanford Christian Fellowship
and the University Christian
Movement Is sponsoring Hub
bard's stay.
Hubbard will speak In the
Tresidder Large Lounge at 8
p.m. tonight on "What Does It
Mean To Be Human?" On Tues
day and Wednesday nights in
Tresidder Room 270 he will dis
cuss "What Does It Means To
Believe in God?" and "What Is
God Doing In the World?"
Tuesday at noon Hubbard will
address members of the faculty
and staff at a luncheon in the
Faculty Club on the topic "Is

Christian Faith Relevant Today
In an Academic Environment?"
An ordained minister in the
Conservative Baptist Church,
Hubbard Is professor of Old
Testament at Fuller as well as
president. Earlier he was lec
turer in Old Testament at St.
Andrews University, Scotland,
where he earned his Ph.D. in
1957.
Before coming to Fuller in
1963 he was chairman of the
Department of Biblical Studies
and Philosophy at Westmont
College In Santa Barbara. He
was also Tyndale Old Testament
Lecturer at Cambridge Univer
sity in England.
Hubbard is a contributor to
many volumes of Christian
thought and the author of nu
merous articles in Christian
journals.
