# Date Of ASSU Convention Set
## 
### 
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
April 6 and 13 are the dates
set for the convention to re
write the Associated Students
constitution, Legislature
Speaker Michael Weinstein an
nounced Friday.
The convention, authorized
at the last session of the stu
dent legislature, will be open
to all students, factulty and
administrators. Any who wish
to be voting delegates should
sign up in the ASSU office, up
stairs in Tresidder Union.
Weinstein said any persons
who wish to submit draft con
stitutions or suggestions
should do so at the ASSU of
fice before the convention so
they may be printed for dis
tribution to the delegates.
Meetings between potential
delegates could be set up be
fore the convention, Weinstein
said, if any of them desire it.
