# Dr. Snyder Gets Navy Commission
## 
### 
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
Dr. Rixford Snyder, history in
structor, has been commissioned a
lieutenant (j.g.) in the Naval Re
serve and will leave this week for a
four-week indoctrination course at
Chapel Hill, N.C.
Following his training, Dr. Snyder
will be assigned to teach academic
courses in indoctrination in Navy
Pre-Flight schools.
Dr. Snyder graduated from Stan
ford in 1930 with Phi Bete honors
and received his Ph.D. in 1940. He
has been teaching Western Civiliza
tion since 1937.
