# Nursery Started In Campus School
## 
### 
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
Monday morning a nursery school
held its first session in the kinder
garten room of the Stanford ele
mentary school. Its establishment
has been made possible through the
co-operation of the Stanford School
of Education, the School of Health,
the Psychology Department, and the
Palo Alto Unified School District.
This school will answer a definite
need, because it frees parents en
gaged in war work from the added
burden of caring for small children
during the day.
The enrollment is limited to 20
children. In the first registration
nine came from University families
and 11 from Palo Alto homes, A
waiting list has already formed.
The parents are asked to pay five
dollars a month to maintain the
children, and Stanford will provide
'hp teacher as well as share costs
with the parents.
