# PARK HEADS REINSTATED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 (/P). —
Secretary Ickes today reinstated
Colonel John R. White and five
other employees of the Sequoia Na
tional Park administration who had
been suspended on charges of ac
cepting gifts from a motion picture
concern. He declined comment.
