# Palo Alto Police Report On Broken Stop Signal
## 
### 
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
The reason that motorists have
been allowed to travel freely back
and forth across the highway going
into Palo Alto without benefit of the
stop-and-go regulation is, as a mem
ber of the police department of Palo
Alto informed an inquirer from the
Daily, because "There is a little jig
ger in the signal that goes around
and around which has gone all to
pieces."
The police department had to send
East to get the necessary machinery,
and the temporary unregulated sit
uation will be remedied as soon as
the parts arrive.
