# Community Players Open Tryouts for "Olympia"
## 
### 
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for Fercnc Molnar's play,
"Olympia," which will be the Feb
ruary major production of the Palo
Alto Community Players. Tryouts
for this play and for the one-act
workshop program for next, month
will be held in the Civic Theatre,
Middlefield Road and Melville, at
2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and
at 7:30 o'clock Monday evening.
