# March Play Tryouts Open
## 
### 
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
Tryouts for the fourth production
of the Stanford Players' season,
Maxwell Anderson's "Mary of Scot
land," will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 and this evening from
7:30 lo 10 on the main stage of Me
morial Auditorium. They will con
tinue through Wednesday.
Ander so n ' s historical drama,
which is to be produced March 3-5,
has speaking parts for 23 men and
.six women, as well as several non
speaking parts for men.
Among the leading roles are Mary
Stuart, the tragic queen of Scot
land; Queen Elizabeth, Mary's arch
enemy; Bothwell, the dashing lord
who wins the queen's heart; Moray,
Mary's villainous half-brother; John
Knox, the religious fanatic; and
Mail land, the Scotch politician.
