# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
Between 700 and 800 guests were
entertained at the Michigan Union on
the day of the Pennsylvania game.
