# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of June Harrell, '49, to
Alfred S. Wilkins, '49, Sigma Chi.
They plan to be married next sum
mer.
