# USC Pre-Game Rally Features ‘Wow’ Boys
## 
### 
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
Friday night at 7:30 a pre-game
rally will be held in the Amphi
theater, chairman Dana Turking
ton stated.
The rally will feature ex-Stan
ford "Wow" boys. Norm "Big
Chief" Standlee and Frankie Al
bert. Dean Borba will act as MC,
and Tom Elke, the band, and the
Men's Glee Club will also enter
tain, Miss Turkington said.
