# Frosh Rally Tomorrow; Leaflets to Shower Campus
## Fireside, Serenade Featured 
### 
In order to send off the frosh foot
ball team to one of its toughest bat
tles of the grid season in the best
spirit, the class of '52 will hold a
full-scale, open air rally at Roble
tomorrow night.
The rally will be preceded by a
serenade by the men of '52. Fol
lowing a counter sing by the frosh
women, the rally will begin. Frosh
football players will be introduceo
and the freshmen will greet then,
with a series of yells and songs.
Dance at Encina
Following the rally, the pajama
clad frosh will gather at Encina fo
a Pajama Dance. Bill Bowles, ac
cordionist, and a group of othe
frosh entertainers will be the head
liners on the entertainment pro
gram. Refreshments will be served
The festivities will come to an enc
when the dance is over at 10.
Hank Rosin, chairman of arrange
ments for the affair, emphasizes the
fact that this year's Pajamarino is
strictly a freshman get-together.
"Although everyone is welcome to
attend the rally," Hank said, "to
morrow night will be a freshman
night, a distinct part of the Home
coming weekend."
Band to Lead march
The band will signal the begin
ning of the serpentine march to
Roble when it gathers in front o:
Encina at 7:15.
The University administration
permitted the continuation of the
Pajamarino, one of the Farm's oldest
traditions, this year only after as
surance by those in charge that
every effort would be made to main
tain complete order and avoid prop
erty damage.
