# CHANGE IN SCHEDULE
## 
### 
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
A change in the schedule of in
tramural howling has been ne
cessitated by games overrunning
the time limit. Games formerly
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. will be
played trom 4:20 to 6:15 p.m.;
those scheduled for S p.m. will be
played from 6:15 to 8 p.m.; and
those scheduled for 9:30 will he
played from 8 to 10:15 p.m.
