# Debaters Gather Today In Bowman
## 
### 
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
The Stanford Speech Association
will hold an open meeting for both
prospective and old members to
night at 7:30 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House. All students in
terested in intercollegiate speech
compotit i«n, regardless of pre
vious experience, are invited to
attend.
Membership in Speech Associa
tion offers an opportunity for ex
tensive travel, meeting with stu
dent leaders from other schools,
and becoming familiar with im
portant public issues, as well as
gaining proficiency in public
speaking, according to Director of
Forensics Jon Ericson. In addi
tion, there is a chance to win
some trophies.
Debaters will discuss the propo
sition “Resolved, that the non-
Communist nations of the world
should establish an economic com
munity.” throughout the year.
Other Association activities in
clude sponsorship of a high school
tournament, a tournament for
other colleges, exhibition debates,
an intramural debate tournament,
and the annual Joffre debate with
the University of California.
