# Grants Aim at More Teachers
## 
### 
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
The Woodrow Wilson National
Fellowship Foundation today an
nounced a new program to in
crease the pace of producing col
lege teachers.

This program will provide com
plete financial independence to
advanced graduate students seek
ing a Ph.L). degree. Up to 200
annual awards, totaling $500,000,
w ill be granted only to students
who give promise of completing
their doctoral degree require
ments in four years. Awards will
be limited 1o former Woodrow
Wilson Fellowship winners study
ing in Humanistic or Social Sci
ence fields.

The deans of eighty-three grad
uate schools have been asked to
nominate candidates. Selection of
awardees will be made by com
mittees of distinguished faculty
en each field of study. Dr. David
M. Potter of Stanford is chair
man of the selection committee
in history.

Dr. Alan D. Ferguson, in
charge of the program, stated
that he expects this program will
demonstrate the good graduate
students can complete a high
quality course of doctoral studies
in four years or less. Currently
the average lime is from six to
eight years. Dr. Ferguson further
stated that if four years becomes
the norm, more college teachers
will he produced than before and
the profession will become at
tractive to more candidates.

This program was made possi
ble by a recent grant by the Ford
Foundation, as are the matching
funds for the PACE program.
