# Adv. 17 Page 8
## 
### 
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
meet the lift l r i
woflr!
A special team will be on compus
fo talk about Aviation Cadet'
Pilot Training. Watch for itl
