# More Musicians Needed by Band
## 
### 
The Stanford Band is starting its
second week of rehearsal for the
spring concert. There is a definite
lack of depth in the flute, oboe, bas
soon, clarinet, and French horn sec
tions.
Moreover, according to Director
Julius Shuchat, women are eligible
to join the band this quarter. Band
Manager Ed Cramer has offered to
provide transportation to and from
the band room for practice every
Tuesday at 7 p.m. If his car is full
there are 25 others ready.
In addition to the one unit of
credit earned in Music 61, many of
the musicians get free admission to
all the basketball games at the Pa
vilion and at the Cow Palace. Avoid
those cold ticket lines; join the
band tonight.
