# Tomorrow Is Deadline For Work Applications
## 
### 
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
Wednesday is the deadline fur ap
plications for summer employment
with the National Bureau of Stan
dards or U.S. Naval Research Lab
oratories, announced the Student
Employment Service.
Meetings for those interested in
summer or permanent work with
these organizations will be held to
day on the following schedule:
chemists, physicists, and metallur
gists will meet at 10 a.m. in room
372 or at 11 a.m. in 370; engineers
at 1 p.m. or 2:15 p.m. in room 27(5.
