# HELEN WILLS WILL NOT RECEIVE BIG "C"
## 
### 
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
Helen Wills, national and Olympic
woman tennis champion, will not be
awarded a big "C" by the Big "C" so
ciety of the University of California.
In refusing the emblem to Helen
Wills the society stated that the "C"
was awarded only to men for participa
tion in men's athletics, according to
the rules of the society. In order to
make the decision in this respect more
definite, a ruling was passed whereby
no woman student would be eligible to
receive the "C."
