# Mothers Club Will Hold Benefit Tea on Thursday
## 
### 
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
The Mothers Club will hold a benefit
mah-jongg party and tea at the Stan
ford Women's Club on Thursday after
noon. The proceeds will be used to
meet tuition expenses of deserving
students.
Those wishing to reserve tables
should notify Mrs. C. A. White at 171
Churchill avenue, Palo Alto. Twenty
tables are available.

A joint meeting of the student honor
code committee and a committee rep
resenting the faculty appointed by
President Suzallo met at the Univer
sity of Washington recently to discuss
the advisability of continuing the
honor system.
