# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
Do you know
New Books?
■
Can you take an in
telligent part in a
conversation about
books?
Begin your Fall read
ing nmv! A 3 months'
membership trill cost
you $1.50.
Come down and see our
books.
THE ALCOVE
542 Ramona St.
