# SORORITY MEETING
## 
### 
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold its first
meeting of the year today at 4:30 in
the Women's Clubhouse. It is im
portant that all members, both old
and new, be there.

All freshmen at tne University of
Minnesota must wear their green hats
and flowers until the Homecoming
Celebration on the night of October
19.
