# TO GIVE CUP FOR ROOTERS IDEAS IN U.S.C. GRID CLASH
## 
### 
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
A large silver cup will be
awarded by Lapp, Roberta, and
Wright, haberdashers of San
Francisco, in conjunction with
the Rally Committee to the stu
dent conceiving the best rooters'
stunt for the U.S.C. game. The
contest will begin immediately
and will continue for several
weeks. Suggestions should be
mailed to George Ellsworth, P.O.
Box 682, Campus.
Stunts should not be too in
volved or require more than
three or four changes. The Rally
Committee would prefer that the
suggestion be blocked out on
graph paper and the color
scheme noted. If anyone is un
able to do this, a bare outline
drawing, if clear, will be suffi
cient.
