# Indians To Fence For Coast Title
## 
### 
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
Two Stanford men are eligible to
compete for the Pacific Coast cham
pionship of the Amateur Fencers'
League of America following their
victory Friday night over 19 ranking
fencers in the San Francisco Bay
Division run-offs at the Olympic
Club.
Louis Lataillade took first place
and A1 Snyder second in individual
events in open foil, Coach. John
Bugge announced. Dick Ferguson
qualified for the finals but did not
place.
"Competition for the national
championship will be held at an un
announced date in Los Angeles,"
Bugge said. *
