# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,

By United Press
Dr. Stojan Gavrilovie, Yugoslavian
under-secrelary ol' state for for
eign affairs, expressed his sympa
thies with the Spanish Republican
cause, as opposed to Franco's gov
ernment, when he spoke before the
Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Com
mittee in San Francisco,
