# "GALLIA" WILL BE PRESENTED BY SINGERS AND MUSICIANS.
## Choirs and Orchestra Will Give Annual Concert. â€” Admission Twenty-five Cents. 
### 
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
The combined University choirs and
orchestra will give their annual con
cert the evening of Thursday, May 4,
The program will be in two parts.
Gounod's cantata, "Gallia," will be
rendered by the choirs, assisted by the
orchestra, as the first part of the
repertoire. Mrs. Bibby Brown, who is
well known to the University public
as an instructor in music will be the
soloist. The choirs have held frequent
rehearsals to perfect this musical
offering.
"A Half Hour with Brahms," will be
the second part of the program. The
music of the famous composer will be
interpreted by the Pasmore Quartet,
under the direction of H. P. Pasmore,
of San Francisco. Leading University
people will be patrons and patronesses
for the concert.
Tickets will be on sale next week at
the usual places. The price will be 25
cents.
