# Trip for California Team.
## 
### 
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
The baseball team of the University
of California has completed arrange
ments for a trip this summer thruout
the northwest with games with the
Universities of Oregon and Washing
ton. Fourteen men will make the trip,
