# HR to Go Cosmopolitan
## 
### 
Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

Foreign foods and entertainment will highlight the International
Cabaret of tlie Institute of International Relations Ihis Friday
evening at the Menlo Park Presbyterian Church and Chez Yvonne.
Foods representing Armenia, India, Hungary, Syria, Mexico,
France, China, Germany and Japan will be served. Entertainment
will also be cosmopolitan and will include A 1 Harrington perform
ing bis Tahitian sword fiance as in the picture above. The price
for the Cabaret is $1.75. Tickets are available at Engineering
Corner.

