# Finance Manager Applications Due
## 
### 
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
Applicants for next year's stu
dent financial manager are now
being reviewed by a student-fac
ulty committee, and applications
must be tiled before Feb. 2H.
The student financial manager
receives a salary of $1000 per year
and is appointed by the Review
ing Committee, which includes
dean of women Elva S. Brown,
dean of men William S. Craig.
ASSU vice president Wendy Haw
ley, student financial manager
Martin Johnson, ASSU president
James Messinger and dean of stu
dents H. Donald Winbigler.
Each candidate is responsible
for making appointments with
three members of the Reviewing
Committee, at least one of the
latter being a student and one a
University staff member.
