# Lenten Services Begin on Campus
## 
### 
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
Today is the first Lenten
prayer service at the now time of
11:55 a.m. to 12:05 p.m. at Memo
rial Church, announced Chaplain
Robert M. Minto.
Students are asked to help in
conducting these services. A sim
ple order will be drawn up with
prayers and lessons as a guide
for leaders. Anyone interested
should contact the chaplain's of
fice.
