# Library Exhibits U.S. Documents
## 
### 
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
United States federal documents i
will hold the spotlight in the Li- j
brary display for the coming two |
weeks.
The Congressional history of the
Taft-Hartley Law, showing its pro- I
gression from its original form to |
its final presentation as law of the 1
land, will be displayed.
Some of the older documents
shown will include a volume of the
secret journals of the Continental
Congress, and the first volume of !
diplomatic correspondence in the '
history of the United States.
Another collection shown will pre- 1
sent some of the most valuable gov
ernment periodicals in use today,
which exemplify the wide scope of
United States government publica
tions. These include pamphlets on
subjects ranging from market areas
in Colombia to the breeding of bees.
