# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
Wanted . ..
5 Men
Interested in good income through
the summer. No experience neces
sary.
Training on the job. Must be AG
GRESSIVE, ENTHUSIASTIC, and
WILLING TO WORK. Car required.
Pay average over
$100 per week
Phone DA 2-9156
for appointment
