# Demo Candidates Talk on Campuses
## 
### 
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
The two key Democratic hope
fuls, Adlai Stevenson and Estes
Kefauver, are lending an academ
ic touch to their pre-primary cam
paigns.
Following closely on the heels
of Stevenson, who spoke there
last week, Kefauver will speak
today to a mass-meeting of Uni
versity of California students.
Because of university restric
tions, both candidates were for
bidden permission to speak on
campus and were forced to ad
dress UC students from the street
just outside the west gate to the
campus.
In their final push for a write
in victory in Oregon's primary on
Friday, both Stevenson and Ke
fauver will move north tomorrow
to share the same platform in
speaking to University of Oregon
students.
