# Press Has Books In Library Exhibit
## 
### 
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
Stanford University Press is
represented by two books in the
exhibit of fine printing of West
ern presses on the main floor of
the Library.
The books, selected by a jury of
bibliophiles, are "Political Change
and Industrial Development in Ja
pan," by Thomas C. Smith, and
Samuel Dickson's "The Streets of
San Francisco."
Also currently on exhibit at Ihe
Library 3Hre serigraphs on relig
ious subjects by the students of
Sister Magdalen Mary, professor
of art at Immaculate Heart Col
lege, Los Angeles.
