# YD Resolution
## 
### 
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
The Stanford Area Young Dem
ocrats have passed a resolution
to "condemn the Republican Ad
ministration for demonstrating an
inadequate awareness of the dan
gers of H-bomb testing and an in
flexible attitude toward the
achievement of the cessation of
H-bomb tests."
The resolution was made in re
sponse to a recently passed reso
lution by the Area Young Repub
licans.
