# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
Black (6-2, 170-pound senior
from Atherton) is the team
captain and one of the top men
on the squad. He placed sixth
in the NCAA 100-yard butterfly
in 1954, and third in the PCC
100 butterfly in 1957. A mem
ber of last year's PCC Cham
pionship team, Black should
again spark the team to victory
in his specialty. Major: Pre
law.

Stimson (6-1, 180-pound sen
ior from Long Beach) is a 50-
and 100-yard freestyle man. He
has been the mainstay in the
sprinting for the past three
years. Stimson will be a hard
man to lose as he's pulled the
team out of many a tight spot.
This year ho again proved his
value in copping freestyle races
in conference competition. Ma
jor: Mechanical Engineering.


WINSTON BLACK
Swimming


DENNIS STIMSON
Swimming
