# Stern Drawing
## 
### 
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
Off-campus men wishing to live
in Slern Hall next year may sign
tip for drawing in the Housing
Office May 22.
