# GREAT NORTHERN BUILDS EIGHT-MILE CASCADE TUNNEL IN WASHINGTON
## 
### 

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.

The longest tunnel in the western hemisphere, built in the state of Washington at a cost of $14,000,000 by the Great Northern
railroad, is ready for use. Upper (eft, the axis of the tunnel; upper right, a portion of the big bore; lower left, men at work in Its
construction, and lower right, the east portal at the first work train emerged from it. Inset, Col. Frederick Mears, one of the engineers.
