# Final Period of Women's Rushing Will End Tonight
## 
### 
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
Final period of women's rushing j
ends tonight. This second period has |
lasted six days during which the new
women have been entertained at both :
lunch and dinner by the sororities. '
Tomorrow will be a day of silence ■
when no sorority woman may com- !
municate with a new woman. Bidding !
will take place sometime on Wednes
day, hut the time has not yet been
settled. Last year it took place be- i
tween the hours of 7 and 9 o'clock at
night.
