# DEAN YOST TEA
## 
### 
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford women as usual Wednesday
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock at her
home, 532 Lasuen.
