# Senior Week Committee Meets.
## 
### 
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
A meeting of the senior week
committee was held this afternoon.
The chairmen of the different com
mittees were instructed to make es
timates of the cost of the different
features of the week, and to turn
these over to the finance committee.
No further action was taken by the
committee.
