# Untitled Article
## 
### 
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
DePauw University has spent al
most $1,000,000 on improvements.
