# French Society Will Hold Bridge Party for Members
## 
### 
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
The French Club will give a bridge
party for its members in the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock tonight, an
nounces Lily Chloupek, secretary.
There will be no charge of admis
sions to the party, which is open to
the public.
