# COMMITTEE URGES ALL TO REMEMBER CLINIC INFORMAL
## 
### 
In the efforts to aid the Belgians
and to donate money to help rebuild
French homes Stanford must not for
got the need of charity here, it is
urged by those in charge of local
benevolences, The Lane Clinics bene
fit dance is being given to help the
sick children of San Francisco who
are too poor to provide adequate care
for themselves. Last summer the con
valescent home was kept running for
three months. During that time nine
ty-live children were brought down
from the city and kept for from two
weeks to a month, according to how
rapidly they improved.
The dance tomorrow night will
start at S:l5 and will last until 1
o'clock. The best music on the cam
pus has been obtained and everything
points to the success of the affair.
The admission (including war tax)
will be 25 cents a couple, and the
dances will be 5 cents each.
