# POETS SEEKING PRIZE MUST ADOPT PEN NAME
## 
### 
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
Regarding the $5 prize offered by
the editor of Sequoia for the best
verse submitted for the March issue
of the magazine, it is suggested that
the author sign with a pen name, and
include his (or her) own name in a
separate envelope. In this way the
decision of the editor will be much
aided, and the choice of the prize
verse made more fair to all.
Contributions should be given or
mailed to Miss Dare Stark, '17, as
soon as possible for inclusion in the
March number, to appear early next
month.
