# Smith College Largest Women's College in the World
## 
### 
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
Smith College with 1998 students is
the largest woman's college in the
world, with Wellesley and Simmons
second and third. But the University
of California has 3983 co-eds, North
western 2685, Boston and Wisconsin
2368 each.
* * ♦
