# INTRAMURAL SEASON ENDS WITH MILE RUN
## 
### 
The intramural track season closed
yesterday, when over a hundred men ap
peared on the oval to have their records
taken in the mile, the last event of the
meet. The distance event proved strenu
ous for the contestants, most of whom
were not in regular training, and "no
finish" appeared frequently on the record
sheets.
The best time of the day was made by
RadclifFe of Rrcakers, who made the re
quired circles in 5:04. Other records
were: Thompson, Sequoia, 5:07; Ran
kin. Sequoia, 5:07; Crandall, Phi 'Kappa
Sigma, 5:09; Brook, Theta (hi, 5:11;
McPherson, Breakers, 5:11; i crman,
Theta Xi, 5:13; Marcus, Encina, 5:15;
Johnson, Encina, 5:16; Bertrand, El
Campo, 5:16; Ross, Breakers, 5:17,
Kraft, Phi Delta Theta, 5:17; Bell. El
Campo, 5:18; Lundquist. Encina, 5:19;
and Spencer, Encina, 5 :19 f
