# PLANS OUTLINED FOR FIELD DAY OF WOMEN
## 
### 
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
Tentative plans for Women's Field
Day, which is to be held .Tune 4, were
outlined by Marion Dwight, '22, Field
Day- Captain, at the meeting of the
W. A. A. boam. Tuesday evening. The
sports this year will include tennis,
swimming, aichery and baseball.

The finals of the interclass tennis
tournament and the interclass swim
ming meet are "scheduled for the
morning. A special luncheon will be
held in the Women's Ctyb House at
noon, at which the awards will be
made. Contrary to previous custom
the luncheon will be furnished this
year by W. A. A. in order to do away
with the confusion of a basket lunch.

In the afternoon the finals in the
archery contests for the archery
award and the match between the two
leading baseball teams for interclass
championship will be held. Plans are
also being made to have an exhibition
drill by the members of the women's
equitation class.
An invitation was also extended to
all the campus to attend the tennis
matches in the -morning, and all of
the events in the afternoon.
