# Social Studies Talk Tuesday
## 
### 
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
Next week's Tuesday Evening
Series will feature Dr. Howard
Wilson, Dean of the School of
Education at UCLA. He will
speak on "The New California
State Program in Social Stud
ies."
Wilson is presently serving as
director of the National Commis
sion of Social Studies. It was set
up last year to examine social
studies curriculums in schools
from kindergartens to junior col
leges.
A panel discussion will follow
Wilson's talk. Panel members
will be Drs. Paul Hanna and Fan
nie Shaftel of Stanford, Dr. La
vone Hanna of San Francisco
State, and Dr. Lloyd Bevans, co
ordinator of the California State
Committee on Social Studies. Dr.
Richard Gross of Stanford's Edu
cation Department will preside.
The talk will be held at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Admis
sion is free.
