# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
\ h Iyj
w V
More
Couples
com* to
Corlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They havi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher — ■
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
■P^Bs^wHPl
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD
SAVE 20%
Carlyie
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday niglit 'til 9
