# Concerned
## 
### 

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.

Several hundred students in White
Plaza wafch a rally staged by
faculty supporting students who are
opposed to the war in Vietnam.
