# Roundup
## 
### 

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.

Shown above is one of the many
steers which was branded yes
terday on a farm adjacent to
the University and on Stanford
land.
