# Lagunita Formal To Feature Craig
## 
### 
Carvel Craig and his orchestra
have been chosen by Lagunita Court
officers to play for the autumn quar
ter dance, Ihc Old World Court
Ball, this Friday. The dance is open
lo the campus, and bids may be
bought from any Lagunita Club
member.
Tiaras, long white gloves, and
egrets will complement the ribbons
and the formal black and white of
the men, as the couples dance by
candle light on a floor surrounded
by embassy insignia. The decora
tions will carry over to the hall
lobby, which will be decorated like
a legation foyer. A marquee will
cover the entrance to Lagunita, and
attendants in uniform will take
charge of the wraps of the guests.
Margaret Miedel is chairman in
charge of the dance.
