# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
Tonight we publish a challenge
from the Geology students to other
departments in the University for
an inter-department field-day next
Saturday. All Varsity track men
will be debarred. This will give
everyone a chance to enter and
show what he can do. Last year
the Geology and Chemistry majors
won from the Engineers in a simi
lar contest. One of the men who
entered this meet had never done
anything on the track before and
did not know what his capabilities
were. He afterwards made the
Varsity team and is expected
to prove a very strong man this
year. Every department in the
University should accept the chal
lenge, and as many men as possible
should take part in the meet.
