# Job Program Will Continue
## 
### 
George Barahal, director of the
Stanford Veterans' Center, reminds
veterans attending Stanford under
the GI Bill that the Center is con
tinuing its Vocational Guidance
Program.
Barahal heads a staff of five voca
ional counselors and two psychome
trists who are ably trained to help
the returning veteran select an edu
cational and, vocational objective.
The counseling process begins
with an interview with a vocational
adviser in which the educational
and occupational background of the
veteran are reviewed. His hobbies
and ambitions are also brought out
in the interview. From this and
subsequent interviews the counselor
obtains data which will aid him in
selecting a number of tests for the
veteran to take. These tests, objec
tive in nature, are administered by
a psychometrist, who then evaluates
the results.
The veteran then returns for a
final t interview with his counselor.
As a result of the previous consul
tations and test evaluations the
counselor is then able to help the
veteran get a clearer view of his
vocational objective.
All veterans, including those who
wish to substantiate their chosen
vocation in their own minds, are
urged to take advantage of the
counseling that the Guidance Cen
ter offers.
