# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
Stanford has only one official
color —red. The white is used only
as a background.
