# COUGARS FLY TO BERKELEY
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 16 (UP).
—Coach Phil Sorboe and his Wash
ington Stale College football team
boarded a train tonight for Port
land, where they wilj catch a West
ern Airlines DC-4 to fly south for
their engagement with the Univer
sity of California powerhouse at
Berkeley.
The Cougars will fiy back north
immediately after the game.
