# Eight Candidates Seek Excom Seat
## 
### 
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
Two more candidates for the Dis
trict 1 Excom seat have been added
to the list of eligible nominees,
Eligibility Chairman Jane Hillman
said yesterday.
Alan Baldwin, who moved out of
the Village at the begining of the
quarter, showed proof that he lived
in an off-campus residence. Charles
Talbot, whom the University did not
show as being registered, presented
proof that he is a Stanford student
living off-campus.
With eight candidates to campaign
for the lone Excom seat, Election
Board predicted that approximately
3,000 students will have to decide on
the top four students at the Oct. 22
direct primary.
Candidates will campaign this
weekend and next week through
Tuesday. The four students gather
ing the most votes in the Wednesday
primary will go into the final pref
erential election on Oct. 29.
Complete list of eligible candidates
for the Excom post are: Gracella
"Gee-Gee" Anderson, Alan Bald
win, John K. Croft, Winston H.
Eshleman, Gordon Fennell, Carl
Field, Robert Setrakian, and Charles
Talbot.
