# Excom Approves Social Calendar
## 
### 
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
At the regular meeting Wednesday,
Excom approved the dates for the
following social activities:
October 17: Phi Sigma Kappa—
fireside; Elm Cottage and Hurlburt—
npen houses; Chinese club—jolly
up.
October 18: Guthrie house, Durand
house, Inter Club Council, and Sig
ma Chi—open houses; Alpha Tau
Omega—Barn dance at Mangini's
Barn; and Phi Kappa Psi—friends.
October 24: Encina, Casa Oliva,
Kappa Alpha—house dances; Chi Psi
and Theta Chi—firesides.
October 25: Kappa Alpha—house
dance.
October 31: Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and Union Residence—all-campus
dances.
Formal house dances were ap
proved for: Roble, November 1;
Guthrie house, December 5; and
Theresa Russell house, December 6.
