# Film 'Money at Work' Features Stock Market
## 
### 
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
The film "Money at Work," de
picting the operation of the New
York Stock Exchange, will be shown
at Cubberley Auditorium tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 under the spon
sorship of the Graduate School of
Business.
