# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.

GORDON LUCE, Election Board
chairman, announced the results
of the winter quarter election at
Excom last night.
