# ATO ELECTS OFFICERS
## 
### 
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
Don Richardson was elected pres
ident of the ATO house last night.
Other officers are: Henry Carlisle,
vice - president, and A 1 Buckley,
secretary.
