# VETS' CREDIT CARDS EXPIRE
## 
### 
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
Veterans' credit cards will expire
Saturday, the Veterans' Record Of
fice has announced.
All books and supplies to be used
by veterans this quarter and to be
credited on these cards must be
purchased by the deadline.
