# SF Matmen Top Indians
## 
### 
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
Wanted! One ambitious young man
weighing 121 lbs. or under to learn
wrestling. Contact Coach Vein Jones
immediately.
It was for want of a bantam
weight wrestler that the Stanford
mat crew succumbed to San Fran
cisco State 20-18. Although the In
dians captured four of the seven
contested matches, the score, based
on the compilation of three points
tor decisions and five for pins and
forfeits, favored the 'Gators.
Results of the bouts: 128 Fbs.— I
Jerry Freidman (SF) pinned Dick
Cruse (S); 136 lbs.—Joe Kuimura
(SF) threw George Bevier (S); 145
lbs.—Dick Latham (S) decisioned
Johnny Ilolden (SF), three points
lo two; Russ Messerole (SF) pin- j
ned Ray Harris (S) in the 155-lb. !
class; Jim Kurfess (S) threw Bud
Call (SF); 175 lbs.—Roy Gaskin (S)
defeated Jack Root (SF); and hea
vyweight Jack White of the Indians
pinned 'Gator Clifford Gray.
The match, which was held in the
basketball pavilion, was witnessed by
approximately 100 spectators.
