# Hoover Is Greeted By SC Alma Mater
## 
### 
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
When Herbert Clark Hoover,
ex-President of the United States
and graduate of Stanford, got up
to make his speech before the
delegates at the Republican con
vention Tuesday evening, one
error was made. Hoover was
greeted with "Fight On for Old
5.C.," University of Southern
California victory song, instead
of a song from his alma mater.
Hoover was given one of the
longest ovations of the speeches
which preceded the actual nomi
nations.
