# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
In a recent game with the Univer
sity of Idaho every member of the
University of Oregon football team
carries his own demijohn of drinking
water to the game.
