# Alpha Delts Eliminate Delts from League I
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
Alpha Delta Phi eliminated Delta
Tau Delta from a three-way play-off
of a tie for first place in League J
of the intramural basketball last
night, 20 to 14. Parmer Fuller and
Ralph McMichael scored six apiece
for the winners, and A1 Fast and (
Frank Stillson four each for D.T.D.
Checking was close; baskets were
well earned; and fouls were fre
quent, Stillson going to the showers
in the second half with four per
sonals.
