# Cross Names Home Drive Committee
## Appoints Chiefs to Direct Minor Working Groups In Annual Event Convalescent Campaign Is Still Month Off 
### 
Sub-committee chairmen for the
Convalescent Home drive were an
nounced yesterday in a general com
mittee meeting called by Chairman
"Red" Cross. Gathering in the com
mittee room of the Old Union yes
terday afternoon, the general com
mittee, composed of Cross, North
Baker, Ben Cave, Marvie Kahn, and
Barbara Steinbeck started formu
lating plans for the campaign, al
most a month away.
Division heads with their sub
committee heads are: Women's
committee, Barbara Steinbeck, chair
man; concessions chairman, Esther
Pickering; painting, Kay Cromme
lin: auxiliary, Sue Ward; May Day
Brunch, Vivian Kay; women's speak
ers, Nancy Bray ton; yard, Jane Hil
lebrand.
Baker Heads Group
Drive committee, North Baker,
chairman; Bean Day, Dick Miles;
publicity, Stan Beaubaire; advertis
ing, Rod Lewis; men's speakers, Wes
Muller.
General treasurer's committee:
Ben Cave, chairman; sorority col
lections, Jean Anderson; Toyon, Ev
erett Moses; Encina, Dick Taylor;
Branner, Brooks Morris; Sequoia,
Rupert Prohme; Union, Jean Rey
nolds; Roble, Margaret Metzger;
fraternities, William Drew; Univer
sity units, Ben Holt; ping-pong con
cession, Dave Cooke; off-campus,
Ronald Kay; jolly-up, Dick Sheretz.
Kahn Runs Labor Day
Labor day, Marvie Kahn, chair
man; implements, Walter Chouteau
and Louis Tsoutsouvas; grounds,
Jim Woolley and eight committee
men; entertainment, Parmer Fuller
and six men; transportation, Leo
Cook and three men; labor, Chuck
White; barbecue, Joe Fessio or Gil
bert Carr, 20 men.
Kahn requests his sub-committee
heads to appoint the number of com
mitteemen and get in touch with
him for his approval. Other sub
committee heads have been notified
or must get in touch with their divi
sion head: Cave, Baker, or Stein
beck, to find the number of com
mitteemen to appoint and to secure
approval of their choices.
