# Our Botany Department.
## 
### 
In au article in /Science of Jan.
27th Prof. Lester F. Ward, in
speaking of "The New Botany,"
makes the following reference to
work being done at this institution:
"In all Europe I can name only one
chair of botany, that of the Univer
sity of Strasberg, which is occupied
by one who has paid special atten
tion to the paleontological side. In
America there is none, and yet we
have several able students of botan
ical evolution from the morpholog
ical side, who are doing excellent
work. I will not be deemed invid
ious if I mention the thorough and
successful re-earcke* of Professor
Douglas H. Campbell, of the Leland
Stanford Jr. University." Then again
he says: ' But surely no one will
claim that the prosecution of paleo
botauical research is impracticable
iu a country that boasts such univer
sities as those at Chicago and Palo
Alto."
