# U. S. C. PRACTICES SONGS
## 
### 
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
The U. S. C. rally committee has
Instituted a plan for a daily song prac
tice. Leaders have been appointed to
lead all nine o'clock classes for a few
minutes in singing university songs.
