# Skull and Snakes Meeting Postponed Indefinitely
## 
### 
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
Meeting of Skull and Snakes, origi
nally scheduled for Thursday noon at*
the Kappa Sigma house, has been post
poned indefinitely, it was announced to
day by Ted Miller, secretary of the or
ganization. The postponement is due to
the fact that many of the members will
be in Seattle with the football team,
which leaves tomorrow for the north.
