# LOCKER THIEVES CAUGHT
## 
### 
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
Two locker thieves were captured
by the wrestling coach at Columbia
University.
