# CAMPUS BEAUTIES SELECTED FOR BIG GAME THEATRICALS
## 
### 
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
The following women have been
selected for the beauty chorus for
the liig Game Football Show to be
given November 20, according to
Chrysella Dunker, chorus director:
Nancy Farmer, Margaret Schaufel
berger, Katherine Kamm, Marjorie
Biby, Beryl Busby, Edna Johnson,
Lorna Downs, Carol Chandler, Eliza
beth Crebs, Ruth Williams, Marjorie
Robinson, Hope Williams, Virginia
Grannis, Doris Bonner, Charmion
Cotton, and Aileen Tognazzini.
Rehearsals will start in earnest
when the Assembly hall can be had
after the production of "The Goose
Hangs High" to be given on Friday.
Women selected for the chorus
should watch the Daily Palo Alto
for announcement of delinite re
hearsals.
