# CATHOLIC CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
The .Tunipero Serra Club will hold
its second meeting of the quarter at
7:30 tonight in the Women's Club
house. Executive members of the club
are arranging a program for the eve
ning.
