# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is rather cool and damp to
boom athletic?, but we know that we
are simply expressing a general de
sire when we say we are anxiously
looking forward to our spring base
ball games. "We hope the ardor of
our enthusiasts is not being damp
ened or cooled, and when the warm,
sunshiny days come we expect to see
enthusiastic crowds cheer our Vars
ity team, and talk proudly over our
semi-professional aggregation—the
ball tossers of the faculty. We all
remember Hhe interesting claas-fac
ultv games of last year, and hope
fora repetition.
It is rather cool and damp to
boom athletic?, but we know that we
are simply expressing a general de
sire when we say we are anxiously
looking forward to our spring base
ball games. "We hope the ardor of
our enthusiasts is not being damp
ened or cooled, and when the warm,
sunshiny days come we expect to see
enthusiastic crowds cheer our Vars
ity team, and talk proudly over our
semi-professional aggregation—the
ball tossers of the faculty. We all
remember Hhe interesting claas-fac
ultv games of last year, and hope
fora repetition.
