# MEETING OF THE ATHLETIC DIRECTORS.
## Progress of Committees Reported and a Committee Appointed to Draw up an Intercollegiate Baseball Agreement. 
### 
Very little business was transacted
at the meeting of the Board of Di
rectors last evening. Baseball
Manager Grove stated that permis
sion had been given to put a train
ing table in the basement of Encina
Ilall, but nothing further had been
done to put it in running order.
Maynard, of the committee on track
athletics, reported that he had made
a trip to San Francisco to see Mr.
Rix, the builder of the Olympic cin
der track, in regard to plans and
suggestions for the building of our
own track, but that nothing was
done as Mr. Kix was absent from the
city.
The special committee appointed
to audit the accounts of Football
Manager Champlin, reported favor
ably on all the accounts as far as
gone over.
The committee on baseball was in
structed to draw up an intercolleg
iate baseball agreement.
