# Prize Stories by a Stanford Man.
## 
### 
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
One of Stanford's first graduates,
who has heen meeting with much
success in the field of prize short
story writing, is William J. Neidig,
H J6. In the current number of the
Black Cat magazine appears a
story, ''The Smile of .loss," which
brought its author the third prize
of $200 in the annual competition
of the Short Story Publishing Com
pany. The scene is laid in China
town, San Francisco, and plot and
characters are stamped with Mr.
Neidig's undeniable cleverness.
Besides this tale, two others of
Mr. Neidig's productions have re
cently achieved success in the same
line. One of them won the first
prize of <$100 offered by the Cycling
West of Denver. The other has just
been awarded the second prize of
$250 in the E. A. Little & Co. com
petition. The scene of the latter
story is laid in St. Petersburg.
Nearly 4000 manuscripts were sub
mitted in this contest, the board
of judges consisting of Katherine
Lee Bates of Wellseley College and
William Vaughn Moody of Chi
cago University, both professors of
English literature in their respec
tive institutions.
Since receiving his A. 8., Mr.
Neidig has been engaged in miscel
laneous literiirv work in San Fran
cisco, acting as editor of the Rail

road Gazetteer, assistant editor of
the Argonaut, and editor of the
Wave. A book of his poems is now
in the hands of the publishers. He
returns this semester to the Univer
sity as instructor in English.
