# FOUNDERS' DAY ADDRESS.
## Charles F. Lummis Will Be the Speaker at the Commemor-ative Exercises. 
### 
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
Particularly fortunate are the
authorities this year in being able
to secure to deliver the address on
Founders' Day, March 9th, Mr.
Charles F. Lummis, editor of the
Land of Sunshine. One of the most
interesting figures, particularly
from a literary standpoint, in Cal
ifornia at the present time, his life
has been one of unusual interest.
Graduated from Harvard with the
class of '81, he edited an Ohio
newspaper for three years, and
then started on a pedestrian trip
to California, covering the 3507
miles between Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 143 days. He did not
return East, but worked as city
editor of the Los Angeles Times
from '85 to '87, when he left for
the Indian country and spent five
years among the Indians of Isleta,
Mexico, learning the language and
customs. He has traveled all over
the Southwest on horseback and
explored the whole western con
tinent from Chili to Canada.
Finally returning to Los Angeles,
he started The Land of Sunshine, a
magazine of California and of the
West. No more virile pen is
wielded in an editorial sanctum
than that of Mr. Lummis. He
handles picturesque English as a
carpenter does his tools, and what
ever issues from"The Lion's Den,"
his own department in the maga
zine, is always enlightening.
Besides his journalistic work and
traveling, Mr. Lummis has found
time to write many articles dealing
especially with California.
Dr. Jordan and Dr. Branner are
personal friends of Mr. Lummis,
whom they have accompanied at
different times on bis explorations.
