# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
CLUES
FROM
THE JPEMI
We've Cone to
Stanford for Years
but that doesn't mean we
are stupid. It means that
ever since we've been in
business, our clothes have
been going "back to col
lege" on the smartest col
lege backs.
x&rtted, yctetvt
520 Ramona Street
