# Petty Illustrates Talk by Records
## 
### 
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
Using phonograph recordings as
illustrations, Claude R. Petty, pro
fessor at Fresno Junior College, ex
plained the various kinds of Tudor
songs in a talk given at Women's
Clubhouse last Tuesday afternoon.
The subject of his lecture was "Sing
ing English."
Petty, a former Stanford student,
feels that the English language in
song is most lyrically expressed
when music is written to the words,
not words to music. This was the
method employed by Elizabethan
songsters, and their results were
quite similar to the works of some
modern popular song composers,
notably those of Irving Berlin.
Featured among the accompany
ing recordings given at the lecture
was a selection, regarded as the
forerunner of modern string sym
phonic arrangements, "Music for a
Chest of Viols."
Petty's talk was sponsored by the
Summer Drama Festival Committee.
The lecturer has twice gone around
the world with his orchestra to study
native forms of harmony in many
countries.
