# Work on Theater Interrupts Dramas
## 
### 
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
Several one-act plays which were
scheduled to be given in the little
theater of Memorial Hall were called
off last night because the switch
board, the cyclorama, and the floors
of the stage have not yet been com
pleted.
In order to give the plays it would
be necessary to present them in the
old little theater, Room 100 of the
quad, and the disadvantages there
were too great to attempt a produc
tion according to Gordon C. Lange,
dramatic coach.
In the event that the theater is
completed in time there will be
a program there on the 19th, 20th,
and 21st of August in conjunction
with the speech conference, Lange
said.
