# Oratorical Contest.
## 
### 
Berkeley is still silent on the Exam
iner oratorical contest. For that rea
son no official announcement has been
made yet us to the time and conditions
of the Stanford preliminaries. It is
advisable, however, that all who con
template entering the contest be pre
pared to submit their orations to the
judges on thought and composition on
or before March 10, and be prepared to
speak on or before March 22
Berkeley is still silent on the Exam
iner oratorical contest. For that rea
son no official announcement has been
made yet us to the time and conditions
of the Stanford preliminaries. It is
advisable, however, that all who con
template entering the contest be pre
pared to submit their orations to the
judges on thought and composition on
or before March 10, and be prepared to
speak on or before March 22
Berkeley is still silent on the Exam
iner oratorical contest. For that rea
son no official announcement has been
made yet us to the time and conditions
of the Stanford preliminaries. It is
advisable, however, that all who con
template entering the contest be pre
pared to submit their orations to the
judges on thought and composition on
or before March 10, and be prepared to
speak on or before March 22
