# Untitled Article
## 
### 

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.

,10, 000 ACRES BURNED—Forest fires ranged in at least 25 areas, destroying 150 homes
over 160-mile front I'rom Malibu, Cal., to Mexico border. Above, soldiers-and firemen
Oattle flames that destroyed Malibu Canyon picnic grounds. Soldiers gave residents
vicinity only three minutes to quit homes, as fire was driven by high wind.
