# Lagunita Swim Season To Close Today
## 
### 
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
Today will bo the last day
for swimming and boating at Lake
Lagimita this year. The Lake will
be closed tomorrow for comple
tion of draining over the week
end.
The boathou.se will remain open
through next Tuesday to enable
students and groups to remove
canoes from storage. Anyone re
moving a casu>e from the boat
house must first check with the
ASSU Ofiicv.
