# Women to Elect YWCA Officers
## 
### 
Elections will be held tomorrow
night in women's living groups for
YWCA officers and class YWCA of
fices.
The nominating committee, con
sisting of Sally Brown, B. J. Den
ning, Betty White, and Ililde War
field, has announced the candidates
running for olfices. They are as
follows:
President, Jane Alabaster; vice
president, Margaret Gairdner, Mar
sha Hoak; recording secretary, Katy
Adams, Nancy Glidden; correspond
ing secretary, Katy Adams, Velle
Letts; treasurer, Kit Barr, Mary
Skillen; national representative,
Shirley Hill. Ruth Vickery.
Sophomore nominees are: Presi
dent, Joyce Lowell; vice-president,
Mary Lou Openshaw; secretary
treasurer, Nancy White.
Junior class nominees are: Presi
dent, Joannie Harris; vice - presi
dent. Edna Lynch; secretary-treas
urer, Dot Thomas.
Senior class nominees are: Presi
dent, Jean McCrea; vice-president,
Betty Merriman; secretary-treasur
er. Carol Kresen.
All off-campus "Y" members are
asked to vote in the YWCA office,
on the second floor of the Women's
Clubhouse, this afternoon and to
morrow morning before 10. All bal
lots from the women's living groups
must be turned in to the "Y" office
by 10 tomorrow morning.
