# Spring Rains Dampen Labor Day Activity at Con Home
## 
### 
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
The iong-awaited spring rains fi
nally flit the Farm yesterday just
• n time to wash out the 29th an
nual Convalescent Home Labor Day.
The rains failed to dampen the
spirits of some 75 students who for
got the downpour and were able to
dig out the roadside weeds from the
El Camino entrance to the main unit
•112 the Con Home.
By the end of the afternoon, an
other handful of workers had re
paired and painted an assortment of
wagons, scooters, and toys in one
of the garages.
Only one feature of Labor Day
remained intact—the barbecue. At
5:30, the aroma of roasted meat and
the soifnd of mobile loudspeakers
called the campus to the feed which
had been transferred to the Pa
vilion.
An estimated 3.000 students
crowded to the food lines where 50
AWS waitresses served the beef,
potato salad, cup cakes, pickles, and
lemonade. In the center of the can

vased floor stood 11 Roughs carv
ing the barbecued meat under tlie
watchful eye of head cook Sam Mc-
Donald. The hour-long line com
pletely cleaned the "one-ton barbe
cue platter."
At the Convalescent Home, nurses
and children were appreciative of
the moistened efforts of the student
body. A small contingent of the
Stanford Band toured the wards
playing musical nursery rhymes and
school songs for their bed-ridden
listeners.
The little girls chimed in on the
nursery rhymes, and the boys'
rhythm band played two numbers.
The only remark that one little boy
had was, "That tuba in the band
sounds like a whole engine room."
When the afternoon rain started,
the meat was already cooked, and
a small crew of students hustled
the meal by trucks to the Pavilion.
