# SALE OF SENIOR WEEK PROGRAMS IS LARGER THAN PREVIOUS YEARS
## 
### 
More programs and announcements
for Senior Week have been sold this
year than ever before, announces
Gregory Davis, chairman of the pro
gram committee. A few additional
copies of the leather-bound memorial
book will be available at the time of
delivery, which will be made around
June 1, states Davis, to cover last
minute orders which were not filed
before the closing date of advance
sale.
The programs, in leather and paper
bindings, are memorial of the Class
of 1928, and contain besides lists of
class officers and committees, com
plete rosters of those receiving bach
elor of arts and advanced degrees.
The leather editions are bound in
black morocco, with embossing in
gold leaf, and are printed on deckle
edge paper.
