# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
A new Y.M.C.A. building is to be
erected at the University of Okla
homa.
