# FOUND MILITARY SOCIETY
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
EUGENE, Ore., May 1—(P.1.P.) —
University of Oregon Officers' Club
lias been granted a Chapter of Scab
bard and Blade, national military
honorary organization. The regular
members of the Officers' Club and 12
cadet pledges were initiated into
Scabbard and Blade as part of the
ceremony at the weekly parade of the
campus R.O.T.C. unit.
