# POLICE PROTECTION ASSURES STUDENTS' PARKING PRIVILEGES
## 
### 
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
Preservation of the cactus gar
dens and the arboretum for the
exclusive use of Stanford par
ties is now being assured by
police protection. At least that
was the conclusion reached by a
campus group after an encounter
with an officer last night. Occu
pants of the car were halted by
the sound of the policeman's
siren.
"Do you fellows go to school
here?" the officer queried.
"Sure do," was the answer.
Student body cards were hastily
sought as evidence.
"All right; go ahead," the po
liceman reassured them. "We're
keeping the others out of here
at night."
Student body cards may now
be considered as standard equip
ment for campus queeners.
