# Instruction Begins On Morse Code
## 
### 
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
First in a series of classes on
the Morse code for ham radio op
erators will begin tonight at 7 in
Crothers Memorial basement.
Interested radio operators are
invited to participate in the ses
sions to be held each Wednesday
at 7 p.m. and Friday at 4 p.m.
Proficiency must be attained in
the Morse code before amateur
radio licenses will be awarded by
the Federal Communications
Commission.
