# Student to Speak At 'Y' Luncheon
## 
### 
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
Graduate student Pete Grothe
will speak today at a luncheon
from 12 to 1 at the Women's Club
house on the topic, "An Insight
into Russian Propaganda Meth
ods." The affair is sponsored by
the YWCA Public Affairs Group.
