# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
Telephone l)A to place a
classified ad. Deadline is f> p.m.
