# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
* 1
I INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
j ARRANGEMENTS
•/,' AIRLINES
STEAMSHIP LINES
i AMERICAN EXPRESS
i A THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
I
I
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
<•
* 542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shoppinq center on
the campus
