# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A GOOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
BWw **
f
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suDolies
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO Al*TO 5194
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
