# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
i PHELfS-TCPfKEC !
HAY MAKER
M en's Shirts, for girls,
striped and sleeveless.
$4.95
Brown and White
Blue and While
Grey and White
Red and While
sizes 10 to 16
Phelps
Terliel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
