# VETERANS' INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
R. A. Gilmore, field representa
tive for the California Department
of Veterans' Affairs, will be on
campus tomorrow to discuss Cali
fornia educational benefits with
veteran students.
