# Freshmen Choose Talent Show Cast
## 
### 
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
The class of '56 will present a
new kind of talent show on Feb. 14
—one in which all the acts will be
interwoven into an original skit.
The acts are being organized into
a logical sequence by Liz McCol lis
ter, Shannon Heath, and Sue Ross.
Warner Leßoy has written the
script.
Tryouts for the cast were held
last week and the following fresh
men were selected:
Pat Rae, Peggy Woolf, Julie Con
zelman, Bill Whitman, Rusty Con
do, John McComb, Cynthia Cobb,
Margy Richards, Jeanne Crossan,
Jackie Markus, El lie Friar, Lynn
Coleburn, Robin Grigg, Dcbby
Swan, Nancy Arnold, Roberta
Knight, Carol Sawyer, Eileen Con
aghan, Ric Murrell, Steve Lay ton,
Dick Babb, Nan Grill, Barbara Man
ack, Joy Thistcd.
Ed Mahoney, Wally Carson, Tom
Pierce, Dianna Horn, Alan Wilson,
Nancy Smalley, Eleanor Wood, Jan
Linden, Harvey Christenson, Grace
Johnson, Anita Mills, Joan Ben
nett, Stephanie Chase, Donna Ree
kie, Nan Arndt, Diane Rogers, Pat
Henry, Jan Lockwood, Kean An
derson, Ann Montgomery, Lloyd
McDonnell, Betsy Bryant and
group.
Curt Prendergrass will direct the
show, and he will supervise the
following crew members: Bob
Tremewan, Mary Lou Arnold, Mimi
Shreve, Peggy Mudgett, Sue Kuech
ler, Joan Kimmey, Anne Adams,
Marcia Danelz, John Cardoza, Ar
thur Grenier, Jane Trappe, and
Diana Dcivers.
Rehearsals for the show begin
next week.
