# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
Palo Alto Hospital — Ross Stone,
Robert Schaub, Michael Shlaude
man.
Isolation Hospital—Pauline Kilin,
Burton Twitchell.
Men's Rest Home—John Carver,
Daryl Snyder, Derek Liecty, Ken
neth Crandall, Shulam Shareesy,
Jack Deeter.
Women's Rest Home—Vera Ma
radudin, Maryann Hotchkiss, Lou
ise Graham, Mary Ann Kerans,
Janet Kreager, Karla Butler, Mari
lyn Donahoo.
