# Mrs. Sterling to Honor Union Director Today
## 
### 
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
the dining halls and of Stanford
Union, will be honored at a tea to
day at 4 by Mrs. Sterling at her
home at 623 Mirada Avenue.
Affiliated with Stanford Univer
sity for thirty years, Miss Ricker
plans to take an extended vacation
to South America. She intends to
leave around the middle of Febru
ary.
Guests at the tea will include Miss
Ricker's staff and close friends.
