# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is unfortunate that the city
pipers made so much capital of a
Berkeley professor's sensitiveness to
"Blue and Gold" gtinds. The truth
of the matter was not unusually
startling to college circles, and the
wrong side of the thing lias beeu
given undue prominence. Although
doubtless the write-ups have done
this year's " Blue and Gold" con
siderable financial pood, the search
light has been unfortunately severe
on certain parts of the book itself
which would have done better in the
comparative shadow of au appreci
ative community
It is unfortunate that the city
pipers made so much capital of a
Berkeley professor's sensitiveness to
"Blue and Gold" gtinds. The truth
of the matter was not unusually
startling to college circles, and the
wrong side of the thing lias beeu
given undue prominence. Although
doubtless the write-ups have done
this year's " Blue and Gold" con
siderable financial pood, the search
light has been unfortunately severe
on certain parts of the book itself
which would have done better in the
comparative shadow of au appreci
ative community
It is unfortunate that the city
pipers made so much capital of a
Berkeley professor's sensitiveness to
"Blue and Gold" gtinds. The truth
of the matter was not unusually
startling to college circles, and the
wrong side of the thing lias beeu
given undue prominence. Although
doubtless the write-ups have done
this year's " Blue and Gold" con
siderable financial pood, the search
light has been unfortunately severe
on certain parts of the book itself
which would have done better in the
comparative shadow of au appreci
ative community
It is unfortunate that the city
pipers made so much capital of a
Berkeley professor's sensitiveness to
"Blue and Gold" gtinds. The truth
of the matter was not unusually
startling to college circles, and the
wrong side of the thing lias beeu
given undue prominence. Although
doubtless the write-ups have done
this year's " Blue and Gold" con
siderable financial pood, the search
light has been unfortunately severe
on certain parts of the book itself
which would have done better in the
comparative shadow of au appreci
ative community
