# Texas Dean Praises Frats Stiff Requirements Posted Fifty Per Cent Are Initiated
## 
### 
Fraternities materially improve the
scholastic standing of the University
of Texas in the estimation fo V. I.
Moore, Dean of Men at that institu
tion. Only six out of twenty-six fra
io! Lilies showed a lower per cent of
passing grades than that of the insti
tution as a whole.
Dean Moore said that this condition
was due to the fact ttiat no fraterni
ties are allowed to initiate pledges
unless the percentage of subjects
passed by the pledge exceeds the uni
versity average. Neophytes must pass
at least four full nine-month courses
before they may become members.
Even with these inducements to study,
however, over fifty per cent of the
pledges are never initiated mainly be
cause of failure to meet grade require
ments.
