# U. of Arizona Dances to Be Financed by Student Body
## 
### 
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
The dances will bo held on the eve
ning following football games played
on the home field.
