# Students Sentenced for Publicly Paddling Frosh
## 
### 
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
Eleven fresluuen at the University
of Missouri were tried and sentenced
recently by the student senate to a
public paddling for failure to obey
freshman rules.
