# A.T.O. Pair Defeated by Chinese in Handball Finals
## 
### 
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
In the final match of the fall quar
ter intramural handball tournament
between the Chinese Club and Alpha
Tau Omega yesterday afternoon the
Chinese Club emerged the victors by
scores of 21-17, 21-16, 21-8, 21-17.
Members of the Chinese Club cham
pionship team are Wu Ta'am and Lin
coln Pan, and those of the Alpha Tau
Omega, Chester Tifal and Reginald
Pegram.
