# Appointed to Basket Pall Board.
## 
### 
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
Miss R. Sampson, '11, Las been ap
pointed the third member of th£ Wo
man's Basket Ball BcWd by (he cap
tain and manager. Miss Sampson has
played on the team for two years
and has do"o much to arouse enthu
siasm in (lie sport. She registers
from San Diego in the English de
partment.
