# GENERAL ELECTRIC'S $105,000 GIFT FOR RYANPLANT ARRIVES
## Six Carloads of Equipment For New Laboratory Delivered 
### 
Six cars of transformers and attach
ments, amounting to a total- monetary
value of $105,000, arrived this morning
from the General Electric Works at
Pittsfield, Massachusetts, for the new
high voltage laboratory being con
structed on the campus. These trans
formers have 350,000 volts apiece, are
the biggest aggregate of transformers
ever made, and are an outright gift
from the General Electric Corporation
to Stanford University.
According to Professor Harris J.
Ryan, under whose direction the labo
ratm-y is being constructed, the final
machinery and materials will be in
after this as the service lines from
hold up installation until the exact
the Pacific Gas and Electric Company's
lines can be run in, the plant will be
ready to operate. This is expected by
July 1. These service lines will take
care not only of the laboratory, but
.of the whole campus, so it has been
necessary for the electric company to
place by the first of June. As soon
amount of power needed is known.
The Pacific Gas and Electric Com
pany was one of the largest donors of
the new laboratory, making an outright
gift of .$50,000. Several other large
donations were received by the Uni
versity. The large motor generator
sets, which are being constructed by
the General Electric plant at Schenec
tady, N. Y., are still in the process
of fabrication, but are expected to be
finished in a short time. The gifts of
several companies went to purchase
these sets.
