# Euphronia Tennis Tourney Enters Semi-Final Round
## 
### 
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
The spring quarter Euphronia De- j
bating Society tennis tournament is,
now in the semi-final round. Those
remaining in the tourney are John A.
Leiter, Eugene C. MeKnight, Reidar
15. Torjussen, George N. Crocker, and
j Leo Shapovalov.
