# U.S.C. TRACK STARS ENTER COMPETITION AT DRAKE CARNIVAL
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 22â€” Facing
the toughest collegiate competition of
the season, Captain Clarence "Bud"
Houser, Kenneth Grumbles, and Leigh
ton Dye, star track men of the Univer
sity of Southern California squad, are
expected to hang up a series of bril
liant performances at the Drake relays
in Des Moines, lowa, tomorrow and
Saturday.
Houser should win the discus with
comparative ease since he will face
no opposition capable of exceeding 150
feet, which Houser does consistently.
It is in the shot where he will have
his toughest work. This year he got
off only one good put and that was
when Gerkin of California tossed the
weight 48 feet and Houser had to make
50 feet 1 5-8 inches to win. Against
John Kuck, Kansas giant who has
reached 50 feet 6 inches this year,
Houser may have to break the 51-foot
record.
