# Trophy Offered Branner Tennis Tourney Winner
## 
### 
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
Branner hall is planning to hold a
spring quarter tennis tournament, all
entries of which must be in the hands
of Jack Leiter before May 1. The
trophy for the winner of the tourney
has been provided by the club.
The first and second floor will play
separate tournaments, there being a
final match between the respective
winners.
Lack of funds has caused the indefi
nite suspension of the Harvard "Lam
poon," said to be the oldest college
humor magazine.
