# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.

Here's EMERY MITCHELL, Stanford fullback,
attempting the conversion after Stanford's second
touchdown against Oregon last Saturday. QB Aub
Devine holds while defendes George Bell (2G),
Steve Dotur (77), Dan Gar/a (88), Bob Sanders

(45), and Don Stanton (73) attempt to knock the
ball down. Mitchell's placement was wide. The
rugged fullback has concentrated on placements
during practice this week in anticipation of ex
tensive service against the Cougars tomorrow.
