# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
Juniors to Offer
Limelighter Tickets
The Junior ( lass will sell
a hloek of 150 $3 tlekets to
day at 11 a.m. for the Feb. 10
appearance of the Limelight
ers in Memorial Auditorium.
Tickets will be sold to the
Junior ('lass Card (udders at
$3.50, with a limit of two
tickets per card. Class cards
will also be on sale at this
time.
