# Ram's Head Markets Winter One-Act Tickets
## 
### 
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
Tickets at $1.50 will bo sold at
Engineering Corner beginning to
day for Ram’s Head’s Winter One-
Acts, Performances of the three
student-written plays are sched
uled for Friday, Saturday and
then on Feb. 16 and 17 in the
Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
