# 5.5" This Season: Worst Drought in Stanford History
## 
### 
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
The most severe drought in
Stanford University history is
facing the campus' 8800 acres,
University officials said today.
Probably reflecting a miniature
view of the Northern California
rainfall situation, the Corpora
tion Yard’s official rain gauge
shows only 5.64 inches for the
season.
This is more than half an inch
below the 6.23 inches recorded by
the same time last year, which
was one of the driest in history.
Total campus rainfall last year
was only 8.75 inches. Campus
average is about 15.5 inches, but
(his is steadily worsening under
the impact of the fourth consecu
tive dry season, reports Carl H.
Maier, watermaster and assistant
superintendent for buildings and
grounds.
Water levels in the University's
five wells are at their lowest
point since records have been
kept. Of the campus’ three lakes,
Searsvllle, used for recitation,
contains 68 million gallons, a
small gain ovei last year’s 50 mil
lion gallons at the same date.
Felt, used for biological experi
ments, is flown to 35 million gal
lons from last year’s 120 million.
Lagunita, used for swimming and
boating, contains a small amount,
largely from molted snow which
fell Jan. 21.
