# Stanford Receives Gift For Sewer Laboratory
## 
### 
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
Stanford has received s!)(>,B3i)
from the National Institutes of
Health (o build sanitary engineer
ing laboratory facilities for re
search in atomic waste disposal
and other water quality control
problems, Prof. Rolf Eliassen of
the Stanford School of Engineer
ing disclosed.
The NIH grant is evidence that
Stanford is moving rapidly to
meet the need for more trained
manpower and research in water
quality control problems, he said.
