# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula. j
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor )
Magnavox
Radio Service
; HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University P.A. 8315
