# Lagunita Social To Follow Rally
## 
### 
Lagunita will be open to all stu
dents tonight immediately following
the Potato rally and will remain
open until midnight for dancing,
games, and refreshments. Mary
Martin, president of Lagunita, has
emphasized that students living off
campus and those living at Stanford
Village are especially invited, as
well as on-campus students.
Hostesses will be on hand at La
gunita's front entrance to direct
dancers to the dining hall terrace
or Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms, and hungrier individuals to
Adelfa and Naranja social rooms.
The inner court will also be open.
The open house will be strictly
no-date and rally clothes should be
worn, according to Connie Jones,
first vice-president, in charge of the
affair.
