# Recruits Meet Monday For Daily Biz Staff
## 
### 
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
Applications for positions on the
business staff of the Daily will be
taken Monday at 8 p.m. in the
business ofTicc at the Daily Shack,
according to Angelo Mountanos,
manager.
Two paying jobs are open, that
of assistant regional advertising
manager and assistant local ad
vertising manager, with excellent
opportunity to work up. Jobs are
also open on the office, circula
tion. and ad staffs. No experience
is required.
