# Tickets Going on Sale For College Symphony
## 
### 
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
Subscriptions ordered last year
for the San Francisco Symphony 1
Series may be picked up and paid
for in the A.S.S.U. office in the
Old Union starting this Monday,
Sept. 23. Some tickets remain to i
be sold and can be purchased at
the same place.
