# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
21
YEARS
HERE
Complete Repairs and
Service
Body, Fender, and Paint
work on all cars
Campus
Garage
Opposite S.P. Depot
Phor.c 221 58
CHRYSLER & PLYMOUTH
DEALERS
