# Sunday's Service.
## 
### 
r 'he service oti Sunday morning was
conducted by Prof. Dickenson, of Los
Angeles. For the basis of his address
he chose the well-known verse in I'hil
-1 iplans: "Whatsoever t are true,
whatsoever things are honest, whatso
ever things are just, whatsoever things
are pure, whatsoever things are lovely,
whatsoever things are of good report,
if there be any virtue and if there be
any praise, think on these things."
Owing to the speaker's varied exper
ience in life lie was able to speak
strongly and forcibly ou every topic
whichjthe text, inspired The touch of
man in harmony with every day life
was perceptable in every thought. His
treatment of the head "whatsoever
things are good" was original and sug
gestive of many improvements possible
to pious people. The whole talk was
eulivened by many personal episodes,
and was made impressive by the novel
treatment of several thoughts often re
served for other times and places.
r 'he service oti Sunday morning was
conducted by Prof. Dickenson, of Los
Angeles. For the basis of his address
he chose the well-known verse in I'hil
-1 iplans: "Whatsoever t are true,
whatsoever things are honest, whatso
ever things are just, whatsoever things
are pure, whatsoever things are lovely,
whatsoever things are of good report,
if there be any virtue and if there be
any praise, think on these things."
Owing to the speaker's varied exper
ience in life lie was able to speak
strongly and forcibly ou every topic
whichjthe text, inspired The touch of
man in harmony with every day life
was perceptable in every thought. His
treatment of the head "whatsoever
things are good" was original and sug
gestive of many improvements possible
to pious people. The whole talk was
eulivened by many personal episodes,
and was made impressive by the novel
treatment of several thoughts often re
served for other times and places.
