# Senate Meeting
## 
### 
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
There will be a regular
meeting of the student Senate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room
75 of the Graduate School of
Business.
