# Letter
## 
### 
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
Editor,THE DAILY:
We wish to make a clarification
concerning the recent article on
"The Collective". Regarding our
view of fee assessments, we were
not critical of the worthiness of
each assessment, ranging from
Citizens Advocates to KZSU.
We of course support those
assessments which would benefit
the majority of the student body,
but the present procedure for fee
assessments provides an inherent
advantage for those institutions
which are the most popular,
broad-based, and have the best
public relations, at the expense of
perhaps needier prospects which
by their nature are essential to
only "a small segment of the
community."
Rodney Palmer Rosy Wolf
Kwonping Ho Peter Knutson
