# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
There are frogs in Lake Lagunita
between the months of June and
December.
