# Shpetner Speaks On Housing, Sports
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
A.S.S.U. presidential candidate
Stan Shpetner outlined in his third
campaign talk two important is
sues facing student government next
year, when he spoke at Roble Hall
last night.
These two issues, which lie has
discussed previously in his column
"Who Told You?" are veteran hous
ing and the Stanford sports pro
gram.
Stressing action as the basis of a
strong student government, Shpet
ner pointed out that the only way
not to make mistakes is not to do
anything. "I'd rather make mis
takes and get things done," he con
cluded, "than not do anything at
all."
