# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
There certainly seems to be
something the matter with patri
otism here when, with all the op
portunity that was given at the
election today to subscribe, hardly
$29.00 was voluntarily given to the
memorial fund. There are those
among us who are so interested in
seeing Stanford erect a worthy trib
ute to her volunteers that the proj
ect will be carried through regard
less of the indifference on the part
of the student body at large. It
would be far more desirable and
worthy of Stanford spirit, however,
were it to come from voluntary con
tributions. This is a matter per
taining to every student and it
would seem that they would not
only be willing to respond when
asked, but would be anxious to be
first among the list. We hope a
further opportunity will be given
for contributions and the memorial
will yet become representative of a
general Stanford admiration for
our volunteers rather than of tin*
energy of comparatively a few.
