# Campus Women Win at Basket-Ball.
## 
### 
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
Outplaying their opponents in a fast
game the Women's Varsity basketball
team yesterday won from Palo Alto
high school in the first game of the
season by a score of 30 to 2 on the
Roble court.
