# Varsity Dance Tonight
## 
### 
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
Inasmuch as the football dance in
the Gymnasium this evening will ac
tually start at eight o'clock sharp in
order to increase the time that the
football players maV dance before ten
o'clock, the time set for their depart
ure. everyone is urged to make a spe
cial effort to arrive by that time to do
their share in enlivening the occasion.
The patrons and patronesses for the
evening are Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Professor and Mrs. E. W. Mar
tin, and Doctor and Mrs. H. R. Stole.
