# Canadian Divine to Fill Pulpit, Sunday
## Most Eloquent Orator Ever Heard at Stanford, Doctor Macdonald, Will Preach 
### 
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
Dr. James A. McDonald, editor ot'
the "Toronto Globe," will conduct the
service at the Memorial church next
Sunday morning.
Although not known to the present
generation of Stanford students, Dr.
Macdonald is by no means a stranger
at Stanford. His position in the esti
mation of the faculty and older stu
dents has remained unchanged since
his first address before a Stanford as
sembly in 1911, when he was declared
to be the most forceful and polished
speaker who had ever addressed a
Stanford audience. Time and again
he has been referred to by the press
as "one of the most magnetic talkers
in Canada."
In order that students may have op
portunity to hear Dr. Macdonald Sun
day morning, special arrangements
have been made for their entrance to
the church. Students may enter the
east and west vestibule doors at half
past ten. At ten minutes to eleven
the front vestibule doors will be
thrown open to the public. They will
be closed promptly at eleven o'clock.
