# Lectures by Professor Sanford.
## 
### 
Professor Sanford is giving a
short course of very interesting
experimental lectures in Light and
Sound to one of the classes in the
Physiological department. The
lectures occur on Thursdays at 2
p.m. Some four or five remain to
be given. Other students than this
class are welcome to attend.
Professor Sanford is giving a
short course of very interesting
experimental lectures in Light and
Sound to one of the classes in the
Physiological department. The
lectures occur on Thursdays at 2
p.m. Some four or five remain to
be given. Other students than this
class are welcome to attend.
Professor Sanford is giving a
short course of very interesting
experimental lectures in Light and
Sound to one of the classes in the
Physiological department. The
lectures occur on Thursdays at 2
p.m. Some four or five remain to
be given. Other students than this
class are welcome to attend.
Professor Sanford is giving a
short course of very interesting
experimental lectures in Light and
Sound to one of the classes in the
Physiological department. The
lectures occur on Thursdays at 2
p.m. Some four or five remain to
be given. Other students than this
class are welcome to attend.
Professor Sanford is giving a
short course of very interesting
experimental lectures in Light and
Sound to one of the classes in the
Physiological department. The
lectures occur on Thursdays at 2
p.m. Some four or five remain to
be given. Other students than this
class are welcome to attend.
