# Ford, Noted Historian, Will Join Summer Faculty
## 
### 
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
Dr. Guy Stanton Ford, Dean of
Graduate Study at the University of
Minnesota, where hist year he was
acting president, will join the fac
ulty of the summer quarter at Stan
ford this year in the history depart
ment.
A specialist in European history,
Dr. Ford will offer at Stanford this
summer a lecture course and a
seminar in this field.
After his student days at Wiscon
sin, the University of Berlin and
Columbia, Dr. Ford taught at Yale,
Illinois, and Minnesota, where since
1913 he has been dean of the gradu
ate school.
During the war he was director
of the division of publications on
the Committee on Public Informa
tion. He is a member of the advisory
council of the Guggenheim Founda
tion. He is the author of "Hanover
and Prussia" and of a "Life of Stein,"
and is general editor of the Harper
History Series.
