# Two-Day Peace Meet Planned Here By L.I.B.
## Farm Host March 31-Apr. 1 To Student Groups 
### 
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
Describing the Intercollegiate Con
ference Against War which is to be
held on the Stanford campus March
31 and April 1, George Bodle, presi
dent of the League for Industrial
Democracy, sponsor of the confer
ence, stated that it was "a conven
tion of young people to determine
ways and means to achieve peace."
The two-day meet on the Farm is
being planned by the local L.1.D.,
the International Relations Commit
tee of the A.S.S.U., and with the co
operation of the Y.W.C.A. and other
campus organizations. Several stu
dent groups at the University of
California are also working for the
conference, which will be attended
by representatives from colleges all
ov#r northern California.
Student speakers, round table and
open forum discussions will occupy
most of the program. The main
speakers invited are E. Guy Talbot,
Western secretary of the Naiional
Council for the Prevention of War,
and Austin Lewis, long associated
with Ramsay Mac Donald, Philip
Snowden, and Sidney Webb in the
British Labor Movement, now at
torney in San Francisco for the
American Civil Liberties Union.
The Stanford Planning Committee
includes: Chairman, Florence Par
sons; secretary, Russel Kent; assist
ant secretary, Selden Osborne; hous
ing committee: Louise Whitaker,
Charles Schleicher, Florence Jones,
and Bromley Smith; finance: Bob
Fisher, George Bodle, and Alice In
graham; publicity: Matthew Evans,
Paul Zulch; transportation: Mary
Parsons; advisor: Mrs. Dave Lam
son; general: Hugh Anderson, Doro
thea Snively.
