# Challenges Gar Wood
## 
### 

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)

Hubert Scott-Paine (above), one
of Great Britain's leading speed
boat drivers, has challenged Gar
Wood for the Harmsworth trophy,
(Associated Press Photo)
