# Freshman Nine To Play St. Ignatius Saturday
## 
### 
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
Approaching the end of a highly
successful season, the frosh base
ball team plays St. Ignatius High
School at 10 o'clock Saturday at the
frosh baseball diamond. The Igna
tians have not been impressive
against the San Francisco high
school teams, and the frosh expect
little trouble in winning.
