# Bear Nine To Oppose Trojans At Los Angeles
## 
### 
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
Seeking to defend its 1932 cham
pionship, University of Southern
California's baseball team v/ill be
host to the University of California
diamond cavorters in two games
Friday and Saturday at Los Angeles.
The Bears finished second to the
Trojans last year.
Cecil Keough, sensational transfer
from Pomona, will pitch one of the
games for the California team.
