# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
To brighten spare mo
ments:
1. Get a twenty-five
dollar Victrola at
Dodson's tomorrow on
terms, or
2. If you are among
the initiated, hear
Whiteman play "I Love
You" or "Last Night
on the Back Porch."
