# Under the Sun
## 
### 
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
$ C. N. H. <s,
The old rocks of the
earth, the ancient
trees, the powdering
columns of temples
built by forgotten
kings, the stone
tablets and metal
implements of once
living peoples—
what do all these
think«of the world,
now?
Red-roofed university
buildings, venerable
oaks, worn paths,
carved benches, pale
descendants of dead
smoke rising from
the orange hearts of
eucalyptus bark fires,
dog-eared books, the
patriarch who has seen
classes come and go—
what do all these
think of the university,
now?
