# OVERWHELMING VOTE IS CAST AGAINST RULE FOR EXCLUDING FRESHMEN
## CONFERENCE THIS EVENING Assembly Resolution Carrying Instructions to Stanford Agreement Committee Is Supported 
### 
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
By the almost unanimous vote of 581
to 10 Stanford students adopted the
.resolution presented at the Assembly
last Wednesday, thereby instructing
the Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee to stand against the proposed
Freshman Elimination Rule. No an
nouncement was made of the result of
counting the ballots until after the
Associated Students of the University
of California had met this morning in
an Assembly to discuss the same prob
lem. and determine the instructions
which their representatives should
have.
The resolution adopted by the Stan
ford Student Body follows:
Be it resolved that the Intercolle
giate Agreement Committee be in
structed to enter into no agreement
with the University of California by
which Frshmen are prohibited from
competing on varsity teams in inter
collegiate matches.
And be it further resolved that in
the absence of such a showing by
California of the use of improper
means by Stanford to secure athletes,
the Stanford representatives on the
Agreement Committee be instructed to
request an apology from California
representatives for such charges as
have been made.
With these instructions the Stan
ford committee will attend the sec
ond agreement conference this even
ing in San Fnincisco and try to come
to terms with the California represen
tatives. The last meeting of the com
mittees .resulted only in an adjourn
ment to get instructions from the two
student bodies, and the committees
vill meet now, backed by student sen
timent as expressed by votes at the
two institutions, and will be able to
work more intelligently in future pro
ceedings as a result.
Stanford will be represented by the
same committee as before. Its mem
bers are R. W. Barrett, '04, G. .T.
Presley, '07, A. W. Ambrose, '13, and
A. E. Worthy, '15.
Miss Lucile Morin, '14, and Miss
Frances Akin, '15, were unanimously
elccted to fill the vacancies on the
Woman's Council.
Miss Morin was vice-president of
Roble Club and is a member of French
Club. She registers in the Botany De
partment from San Francisco. Miss
Akin was elected to Woman's Confer
ence at the spring election. She is a
member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and
registers in the English Department
from Atlanta, Georgia.
