# NAN DRURY TO BECOME MRS. L.D. SUMMERFIELD
## Climax of College Romance Comes With Engagement of Recent Graduates. 
### 
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
Miss Nan Drury, '15, announces her
engagement to L. L). Summerfield, '\'l.

The wedding will
take place in
San Diego.
Miss Drury was
a member of
Kappa Alp h a
Theta, Cap and
Gown, and Y. W.
C. A. Cabinet,
and held the of
fice of Vice-Fres
ident of the Wo
man's Confer-

ence. She was a Christmas graduate
from the History Department.
Summerfield was a member of Phi
Delta Phi, Enc'na Club, Press Club,
Quadrangle Club, Skull and Snakes,
Hammer and Coffin, and University
Conference. Me edited tlie Chaparral
two years and served on the Sequoia
staff, and 1912 Quad Board. In his
senior year he held the presidency oi
Encina.
Summerfield is at present the city
atttorney and member of the city
council in Reno.


}liss >i!ii Drill j
