# QUAD SPACE TO COST SAME AS LAST YEAR
## 
### 
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
Fraternities and clubs all over the
campus are urged to make a note of
the fact that their money for their
space in the 1919 Quad is due now.
The management of the year-book has
purposely deferred action on collec
tions until now in order that the dif
ferent organizations might have time
to secure the funds from all mem
bers. Rates for space are the same
this year as in previous years. Two
pages with picture will cost $20, one
page with picture comes at $12.50,
while the half page space can be pur
chased for $7.50. Remittances should
be mailed today to the Quad Manager,
to Box 32, Stanford University.
Juniors should pay their dues at
once to the same address, and they
will receive their receipts for their
book and picture.
