# Phi Beta Kappa's Meet
## 
### 
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
Phi Ileta Kappa are to hold a meet
ing Monday afternoon at 4:10 in the
Women's Club House. Matters for
discussion will he brought up at this
time.
