# Adv. 39 Page 19
## 
### 
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
LIVELY ARTS
SUPPER CLUB
PIZZA AND A
PERFORMANCE
FOR $10
OCTOBER
Tl®
October 19 / Friday
Pizza at 7:00 pm
Concert at 8:00 pm
Memorial Auditorium
Don't miss an intimate night ot
smoldering jazz with four-time
Grammy-winning vocalist Dianne
Reeves and her red-hot band, with
an opening set by vocalist/bassist
Esperanza Spalding.
• •*, " , -
fINrP '' jKw&fan »
I
if *'.. ■ . , • ...
|| W?
• v
% \
