# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Lovelier than ever, but
just as practical.
THE AMERICAN
GOLFER
. . . in tattersall checked
seersucker.
Practical, particularly
this year, because it
minimizes the laun
dering problem.
$8.95
Walstens
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
