# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.

Nazi Col. Gen. Dietloff von Arnim, left, is shown here greeting a suc
cessful German shock troop leader in Tunisia. Since this picture,
obtained through a neutral source, was taken General von Arnim has
had less occasion for passing out congratulations to his staff.
