# Toyon Spring Carnival Tickets Placed on Sale
## 
### 
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
An open sale of tickets for th<i Toy
on Spring Carnival Dance which is to
be held May 22 is being held this
week. Admissions for the affair may
be obtained in Room 216, Toyon hall,
from 7 to 8 o'clock every evening.
