# HOGAN WINS AGAIN
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Defending champion Ben Hogan
scored his third Los Angeles Open
triumph today and broke his own
Riviera Country Club course tour
nament record, running up a four
under-par (J7 and a 72-hole 275.
