# Graduates Sweep Business Awards
## 
### 
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
Three Stanford students, Glenn
Rathbun, John Strader and William
Wagstaffe, made a clean sweep of
prizes in the graduate division <>l
the national 15147 Boffey Memorial
Award contest, it was announced
yesterday by Dean J. Hugh Jack
son of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
The contest, open to business
school students from all over the
United States, commemorates the
contribution of L. F. Boffey to the
purchasing profession and is con
ducted by the National Association
of Purchasing Agents. Three $10(1
prizes are offered in each of the
two divisions, graduate and under
graduate.
Wagstaffe and Strader are still
students in the business school.
Rathbun was graduated last sum
mer quarter.
