# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
Madrono Hall announces the en
gagement of Marion Morrow, '47,
and Cecil Rospaw, Sigma Chi.
Union Residence announces the
engagements of Catherine Morris to
James Carlisle Barringer, Delta
Kappa Epsilon; Lnvonne Bcllo to
Jack Paul Gunter, University of
California; and Joan Barrus to Rob
ert Carlson, Kappa Alpha, Colum
bia University.
