# NEVADA READY READY FOR FOOTBALL SEASON
## 
### 
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
Coach Jack Glasscock of the Uni
versity of Nevada has returned to the
university after spending several
weeks on the coast studying the fine
points of the American football game
—the style Nevada has decided to play
this year. The University of Nevada
Sagebrush says prospects never were
brighter fo.r a winning football team
for that institution than this year.
The schedule of (he Nevada team in
cludes several games with California
teams.
