# Untitled Article
## 
### 
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
George Hempl, professor of German
Philology, has returned to Stanford
after an absence of one and a half
years, which time he spent in visiting
and in attending the university at Ann
Arbor.
