# Discussions On Peace Begun This Afternoon
## CHANCELLOR JORDAN OUTLINES PURPOSE AND METHODS OF CONFERENCE MEETINGS 
### 
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
Chancellor Jordan this afternoon at
two o'clock opened the Peace Confer
ence which, with the exception of Sat
urday, will hold a meeting every day
this week at two o'clck in the after
noon and at seven thirty every
evening.
Dr. John Mez, of New York, and Mr.
Louis P. Lochner, of Chicago, both
experts on the peace problem, will,
with the assistance of Dr. Jordan,
conduct all discussion, although much
of interest will be contributed by
other men well informed on the sub
jects. The meetings will be informal
and somewhat in the nature of free
discussions. Those present will be
invited to speak and to ask questions.
The meetings promise to be very
lively, as several opponents of the
peace movement, including Colonel
Glassford, of San Francisco, have sig
nified thei.r intention of taking part in
the discussions.
This afternoon Chancellor Jordan
outlined the purpose of the Confer
ence, and explained the methods to be
employed in carrying it on, and ad
dressed the peace movement in
general.
The subject for tonight is "The
Place of Physical Force in Modern
Civilization", and for tomorrow after
noon, "Problems of National Defense".
