# First Nestoria Meeting Tuesday
## 
### 
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
Nestoria's first meeting of the sem
ester will be held Tuesday evening in
the large lecture room of the law
department.
