# Stolz Announces Opening of Pool
## 
### 
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
Dr. Stolz announces that the new
swimming pool will be open fo.r use
about the latter part of the week.
Some delay has been encountered in
installing the electric motors of the
plant, but this has been about over
come. The only part of the pool yet
incomplete is the concrete steps. Dr.
Stolz wishes to emphasize the fact
that, classes will nevertheless begin
instruction on Monday, September 6.
