# S.F. Artist Scheduled For April 5
## 
### 
Isaac Stern, Russian-born vio
linist, will appear in Memorial
Hall April 5 in the third program
in this year's ASSU Concert
Series.
Born in Kriminies/., Russia, Stern
soon moved to San Francisco with
his family. Ho made his debut there
at the ago of 11 with the Symphony
Orchestra under Pierre Monteux.
In 1937 he made his New York do
hut. After a concert in Carnegie
Hall in 1943, he was hailed as "one
of tho biggest violin talents of our
time."
Stern is (ho only major violinist
who training is exclusively Ameri
can. Critics in Europe, South Amer
ica, Israel, and Australia have en
thusiastically agreed with American
critics in wide acclaim of his tal
ents.
Ho lias toured every continent
cxcept Africa.
Tickets for tho concert may he
purchased in the Concert Set of
fice in the Nitery, Monday through
Friday, from Ito p.m., or by call
ing DA 3-3870. The prices arc $3
$2.10, $1.80. and $1.20.


ISAAC STERN
â€”Will appear in Concert Series
