# Religious Activities
## 
### 
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
Wi:sj,i:v FOUNDATION will meet
Sunday to hear the choir prusfii

tation of Brahms' Requiem. There
will be a meeting at 7:30 pre
ceding the program.
CANTERBURY CLUB will hold a
breakfast Sunday following the
communion service at All Saints'
Church. Reservations may be
made by calling DA 2-9323 by 2
p.m. today.
STANFORD NEWMAN CLUB will
hold its quarterly communion -
breakfast Sunday. The breakfast,
at Ramor Oaks, will immediately
follow 8 o'clock mass at St. Thom
as Aquinas Church. Transporta
tion can be obtained by phoning
DA 3-0481.
FIELD REPRESENTATIVES of the
California Veterans Educational
Program will be in the Veterans
Records Office, Room 102-J in
Building 100, Tuesday from 10 to
12 and 1 to 3. Students planning
to utilize California benefits are
to make their arrangements at
that time.
