# Ramstead Makes Coaches' All-PCC
## 
### 
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
The All - Southern Division bas
ketball team, picked by the coaches
of the member schools and released
this week, lists Jim Ramstead, Stan
ford, at center; Dick Ridgeway and
Bill Hagler at forwards; and Tom
Riach and Ed Sheldrake at guards.
