# Candidate Douglas To Speak Tonight
## 
### 
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
Kepresental ivo Helen Gahugan
Douglas, a candidate for United
States Senator from California, will
speak tonight at 8:If) in the Chil
dren's Theater of the Community
Center in Palo Alto.
Mrs. Douglas, a leader of the lib
erals in the House, is campaigning
for both the Democratic and the
Republican nominations in the pri
mary tin June (i.
