# Athey Will Teach Broadcasting Here
## 
### 
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
Professor S. VV. Athey has re
turned to Stanford this quarter to
teach courses in both the Engineer
ing and the Speech and Drama De
partments because of a popular de
mand for his courses.
For the past two years Athey lias
been away from Stanford at the Co
lumbia Broadcasting System in New
York City doing work in television
recording.
This quarter l\e will teach Intro
duction to Electronics, Acoustical
Engineering, Broadcast Audio Prac
tices, and Problems in Television.
