# Bob Bryan Ready to Run
## 
### 
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
Stanford sprint star Bob Bryan
tested his bruised knee yesterday
and the response was good. Though
the injury hurt him a little, Bryan
cruised along smoothly at three
quarters speed, and indicated that
he would be ready for his best ef
fort in the crucial weekend track
clash against USC.
Bob Barry, Stanford's sophomore
two-miler, pulled up with a slight
cramp in his left leg while jogging
around the Angell Field track in
practice yesterday, but the extent of
the injury will not be fully known
until the stocky distance runner
turns out today.
With soph Wilbur Taylor setting
the pace, Stanford's quarter-milers
ran through a fast 352-yard training
race, which Taylor won in 38.0 sec
onds. Veterans Pitch Johnson, Lar
ry Hoff, and Cass Bly all finished
strong.
