# No Baseball Practice Tomorrow.
## 
### 
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
There will be no practice tomorrow
morning for the baseball men on ac
count of the rugby games. Practice
will be resumed on Tuesday afternoon
at 4:45.
