# Typographical Error in "Sequoia."
## 
### 
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
Through an error of the printer,
the names of the authors of two of
the stories in the last number of
the Sequoia were omitted. One of
these, " The Other Miss Hudson,"
was written l>v Miss A. M. Rich
ards, '05, and the other, " Through
the Swinging Doors," by K. A.
Bickel, '07.
