# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
—The Botanical Club met Wed
nesday at 4:30. I)r. Campbell
spoke on his recent trip to Aus
tralia.
