# Mrs. Osbourne On Stevenson.
## 
### 
Mrs. Lloyd Osbourue gave a most
excellent account last evening of the
life and adventures of Robert Louis
Stevenson in a lecture on "Stevenson
in the South Sea Islands." Mrs. Os
bourne gave a detailed account of
Stevenson's trips to the Pacific and
told of his travels and adventures in
the tropical islands of the Souttfi
Seas. It seems that although the
great author was almost an invalid
throughout his life, he nevertheless
was a man of great energy and per
severance and was filled with an in
satiable desire to explore the un
known. He attained his end in the
islands of the Pacific where he spent
eight years in visiting untold lands.
His last days were spent at Apia,
Samoa, where he died in 1895.
