# Prof. Ross, of Cornell.
## 
### 
Pi of Ross, Political Science De
partment, Cornell University, will
probably accept a call from this
University. He may begin work the
first of next year. The University
may congratulate itself on thi- addi
tion. With Profs. Howard, Warner,
and Ross the Historical and Polit
ical Science Department heie 1 ids
fair to be one of the Lest iu the
United States If the need fora hue
library in this work is met, we may
expect exceptionally fine results
from students working under these
able teachers.
Pi of Ross, Political Science De
partment, Cornell University, will
probably accept a call from this
University. He may begin work the
first of next year. The University
may congratulate itself on thi- addi
tion. With Profs. Howard, Warner,
and Ross the Historical and Polit
ical Science Department heie 1 ids
fair to be one of the Lest iu the
United States If the need fora hue
library in this work is met, we may
expect exceptionally fine results
from students working under these
able teachers.
