# COBERLY SAYS SOPH TENNIS JOB IS OPEN
## 
### 
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
It is not too late to sign up for
sophomore tennis manager, says
Bill Coberly, senior manager. All
sophomores interested in trying
out report to one of the junior
managers on duty at the varsity
tennis courts any afternoon this
week between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Anyone trying out now will not
be at a disadvantage when ap
pointments of junior managers are
made, Coberly stated. The try
outees will be rated on their work
during the playing season which is
just beginning.
Work as tennis manager may be
taken in place of physical educa
tion and for the same amount of
credit.
