# Jazz/ted gioia
## Rollins stars in Milestone jam 
### 
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
When McCoy Tyner,
Sonny Rollins and Ron Car
ter get together to make
music, one is advised to sit
quiet and listen. During the
summer this was possible
for the jazz fans who caught
the Milestone Jazz All-Stars
(as they are called) in con
cert. Now, with the release
of the concert album, it is
possible to savor this musi
cal feast over the course of
numerous listenings.
The idea of all-star jazz
conglomerations is not
new, but in the last few
years it has attained a level
of polish hitherto unknown.
Two decades ago Esquire
magazine would frequently
sponsor musical get to
gethers by the winners of
the Esquire jazz poll. More
recently jazz festivals, in
particular the Newport fes
tival in New York, have been
the instigators of these all
star jams.
Recent
Yet it has only been dur
ing the past two years —
with the VSOP quintet and

the Milestone All-Stars —
that record labels have seri
ously promoted the idea
and have given the groups
the opportunity to put to
gether a cohesive show,
rather than the off the-cuff
jam sessions of years past.
The Milestone affair is, if
anything, too well planned.
Tyner, Rollins, Carter, and
drummer Al Foster join to
gether for every possible
combination of duets, trios,
solos, and quartets. The
two-album set offers, in
fact, only about '/« of its
space to the full quartet.
These moments are particu
larly exciting, while some pf
the smaller groups — I'm
thinking of the Rollins-
Tynercollaboration on "In a
Sentimental Mood" — are
simply brilliant.
But the purpose of the
lengthy solo numbers is
questionable. Tyner has al
ready released an excellent
solo album, while the inclu
sion of a lengthy Ron Carter
bass solo on "Willow Weep
for Me" (which runs up

wards of 10 minutes) is
questionable. After Miles
tone had gone to great
lengths to assemble this ta
lent one would hope that
they would make greater
use of it.
Rollins
An exception is Rollins'
solo number. Sonny Rollins
strikes me as being the most
imaginative solo saxophone
player in jazz, and it is a
shame that so little of his
solo work has been immor
talized in vinyl. On the
whole, the album is more of
a landmark for Rollins. The
past several years have seen
him dip heavily into elec
tronics and pop, and the
change to the all-acoustic
setting is extremely refresh
ing.
Depsite these minor
drawbacks, the album must
be considered as an impor
tant jazz event. Hopefully
the success of the Milestone
all-star troupe will encour
age the same sort of hyb
ridization among jazz artists
in the future.
