# Sharon Building Burned
## 
### 

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu

AND THEN THE CRASH—Right after this picture was taken the four-story water tower in the
center of the Sharon Stables crashed to the ground. High winds carried the flames all through
the building before firemen arrived at the blaze. —Daily photo bv Erickson and Cheu
