# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
Printing of the country's new all
purpose ration books will take 87.-
000 pounds of ink, 7,500 pounds of
paste, and half a million pounds of
boxing.
