# Contributions In Palo Alto.
## 
### 
Manager Knupp started a canvass
among the Palo Alto business men
today for the purpose of securing
funds for sending the track team to
Chicago. There was considerable
interest shown by the men whom
Knupp visited and during the after
noon he received definite promises
for approximately a hundred dollars,
although he had not visited more
than seven or eight merchants. This
makes it appear that a good amount
will be realized when the canvass of
Palo Alto is completed, and Manager
Knupp is pleased with the outlook.
It is probable that the manager will
give out the first list of subscribers
to the track team fund tomorrow
night, and this list will be printed
every night in the"Daily Palo Alto"
thereafter.
