# Alumni Reports Being Circulated.
## 
### 
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
President A. A. Murphy has ar
ranged for the distributing of the
printed copies of the San Francisco
alumni committee's report in regard
to the action of the Student Affairs
Committee in suspending forty-one
students for the so-called parade.
Copies will he mailed to the par
ents of the students who were sus
pended and students who have been
punished by the committee may re
ceive copies by applying to Presi
dent Murphy, of the Student Body.
Further arrangements will be an
nounced as to a more general distrib
ution of this important report.
