# Editor's note
## 
### 
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
Travel spells opportunity for
students - opportunity to
learn, share and enjoy. 1 de
signed this issue to open
people's eyes to parts of the
globe that are seldom consi
dered, and to illuminate
better-known areas. Though
the issue cannot cover the
ivhole world, I have tried to
capture the flavor of diffe
rent regions by highlighting
specific countries and cities.
—Susan Essoyan
Travel Issue Editor
