# DRAMA TALK TONIGHT
## 
### 
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
"The Spiritual Purpose of the
Stage" will be the subject of a lec
tu»e by Leopold Jessner to be given
tonight at 7:30 in the Education Au
ditorium. The Department of Speech
and Drama, sponsors of the talk,
have announced that the public is
invited.
