# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
—The University of Minnesota
has planned a humorous publica
tion, similar to the Chaparral,
which will he issued the coming
fall.
