# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
In spite of being handicapped by
lack of numbers, the Stanford Club
of San Francisco will make an
effort to establish permanent quar
ters for itself. As far as the im
portance of the club is concerned,
both to itself and in its future
relation with the University, the
step is one of great value. With a
rallying point for Stanford men in
San Francisco, centrally located,
not only will the alumni be kept
in close touch, but the relations
between the alumni and the un
dergraduates will be considerably
broadened and developed. The
movement is an enterprising one
that thoroughly deserves success.
