# IIR Africa Desk Plans Programs
## 
### 
The Africa Desk of the Institute
of International Relations an
nounces plans for a comprehen
sive program this year. Proposed
activities are highlighted by
speakers, displays, and films on
African topics.
Also among the projects
planned is the providing of in
formation on summer work camps
and travel in Africa, including
Operation Crossroads Africa and
the Experiment in International
Living programs. Teaching and
other more long-range programs
and employment opportunities,
such as the Columbia University
teachers program for East Africa
will also be covered.
The organization will continue
last year's South West Africa
Commiitee efforts to promote in
terest on campus in the South
West African problem and will
work with other organizations to
find scholarships an d travel
grants for refugee South West
African students. This year, the
efforts will be expanded to in
clude Angolan refugee students,
if possible.
Finally, the lIR group hopes
to raise funds and equipment for
various schools in Africa.
