# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
Radio station KCBS will broad
cast the Stanford-Rice football
game starting at 6:35 p.m., Satur
day. Don Klien will handle the
play-by-play.
