# Chicago Doctor Forecasts Elimination of Disease
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 3â€”Virtual elimina
tion of numerous infectious and con
tagious diseases which have caused
the death of millions, and improve
ment of surgical methods to repair

the damage man suffers from the
machines he has created will he de
velopments of medicine within fifty
years, according to Dr. Gustavus N.
Blech.
I)r. Blech, whose home is in Chi
cago, is a leader in the work of the
American College of Physical Ther
apy, meeting here, and has been iden
titied with various departments of
medical research.
"Fifty years," he said, "is a small
space of time for any complicated
science, but it is enough for America
to overcome its youthfulness and for
old and staid Europe to overcome not
only the World War but the next
war, which shall have been fought
long before the period we have in
mind."
