# Mitchell Prepares for Registrars' Convention
## 
### 
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
Registrar J. P. Mitchell is assisting
in making preparation for the second
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Association of Collegiate Registrars,
which meets at Corvallis, Oregon, No
vember 8 and 9. Oregon State College
will act as host.
