# Untitled Article
## 
### 
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
More than 150 high school publica
lion staff members attended the Okla
homa Interscholastic Press Associa
tion October 28.
