# TO SCUD IN WOMEN'S CLUB HOUSE TOMORROW
## 
### 
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
With Don McNamee, '20, and Don
Weaver, '20, officiating at the piano
and drums respectively, tomorrow's
campus dance will be a jazz fest in
every sense of the word. Efforts are
being put forward to make this event
a live one in the terpsichorean his
tory of the quarter, and the Woman's
Club House will be especially fitted
for the occasion.
Tickets for the struggle will sell at
one dollar plus a war tax of ten pen
nies, as the posters which have ad
vertised the battle about tho campus
for the last two clays have stated.
