# Travel Service Offers Savings
## 
### 
The newly formed ASSU Travel
Service offers students, staff,
faculty members and their im
mediate families an excellent op
portunity to explore the Orient
or Europe this summer at sav
ings up to $27.1 over the normal
air fare.
The highlight of this summer's
offering is a trip through the Pa
cific. The flight leaves San Fran
cisco on June 18th bound for
Tokyo, Taipei, (Formosa), Hong
Kong, Manila, and Hawaii. It re
turns to Hawaii on July 17th from
which the group members can re
turn when they please. The round
trip from San Francisco is $67.1.00.
A I.SO FEATI'RKD are seven
departures to Europe from New
York or San Francisco, ranging in
length of stay in Europe from
30-90 days. These flights go to
London, Paris, or Frankfurt via
TWA, Pan American, and BOAC.
Easter flights to Chicago and New
York, Easter ski weeks in Aspen
or Sun Valley and NSA tours also
are offered.
The Travel Service is located
on the 2nd floor of Tresidder
Union in the Associated Students
Office. It is open Monâ€ž Tues.,
Thurs., and Fri. from 12-4.
