# Stelck to Discuss Evolution Of Reefs
## 
### 
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
Professor Charles R. Stelek, a
noted Canadian geologist and
alumnus of Stanford University,
will lecture tonight on "Evolution
of Reef Building Organisms and
Related Changes in Reef Form."
Professor Stelek, of the Univer
sity of Alberta, will speak at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Build
ing. He will present the Seventh
Earth Sciences Lecture of the
1964 series sponsored by the Stan
ford School of Earth Sciences and
directed by Professor Harold W.
Hoots.
