# NOTED WORLD TRAVELER WILL VISIT STANFORD
## SHERWOOD EDDY TO DELIVER SERIES OF LECTURES. Experience With Students of East and West Makes Him Attractive to University Audience. 
### 
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
During the first week of March
Stanford is to be visited by a world
traveler, George Sherwood Eddy, who
will deliver a series of addresses to
men in Assembly Hall under the
auspices of the Y. M. C. A. This is
Eddy's first visit to the students of
the Pacific coast. He is brought here
through the combined invitation of the
University of California and Stanford.
Sherwood Eddy has been closely
identified with the students of the
Orient for many years. After grad
uating from Yale about twenty years
ago, being the son of a wealthy fam
ily, he had the opportunity of taking
up a business career. Instead he went
to India where he supported himself
and a work for the religious, moral,
social and intellectual welfare of these
people for twenty years. He was suc
cessful in his work with Indian stu*
dents and about five years ago John R.
Mott asked him to become the travel
ing representative of the World's
Christian Student Federation in the
Continent of Asia. This work places
him for six months in the North Amer
ican continent and the remaining time
is spent in traveling among the stu
dent centers of Russia, China, Korea,
Japan and other Oriental countries.
This experience with students of
the east and west has made Eddy espe
cially attractive to university audi
ences. In company with John R. Mott
he completed a tour of the Asiatic
countries last April. In the eight
weeks spent in "China they spoke to

audiences of men students aggregat
ing over seventy-eight thousand and
received a like response in other coun
tries. Oil a number of occasions he
spoke in large assembly halls to
audiences of five thousands students
As a result of his recent trip through
Asia Sherwood Eddy has written a
book, "The New Era in Asia." He is
also the author of "India Awakening"
and several pamphlets known by a
large number of students. The best
known of these is "The Supremo De
cision."
