# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
W.F. Thompson, '12, addressed the
Zoology Club, at its regular meeting,
on "British Columbian Explorations."
Thompson has spent the last two
summers in British Clumbia making
explorations for the government con
cerning shell fish.
