# Pharmacologists Make Rats Jitter
## 
### 
Pharmacologists in the Stanford
medical school are obtaining useful
information concerning the potency
and dangers of the stimulant drug
benzedrine by injecting white rats
with the drug. These injections
cause the rats to jitter; the amount
of movement is recorded and the
activity is compared with that of
unstimulated control rats.
This drug is widely used by stu
dents during preparation for exam
inations and by automobile and
truck drivers for keeping awake
during long drives. Disagreeable
nervousness and insomnia are
sometimes caused.
These studies of the effect of the
stimulant give the first methods
available for measuring this type of
stimulation, and will permit a phy
sician to find out in advance whether
a new drug which is useful for some
other purpose is going to make his
patient nervous and jittery or inter
fere with his sleep.
