# Dam Collapse Blame May Be Fixed Monday
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— (U.P.)—
Responsibility for the collapse of the
St. Francis dam March 13 and the
resultant loss of more than 300 lives
and millions of dollars of property
damage may be fixed Monday.

A coroner's jury, weighing: varying
evidence for two weeks, will review
final testimony in the investigation,
and is expected to reach a verdict
after brief deliberation.
