# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
Rah! Rah! Rah!
•
Phelps-Terkel thinks that
three cheers aren't enough
for our Big Red Machine's
overwhelming triumph. So
let's give 15 lusty cheers
for STANFORD!
•
PHELPS
TERkEL
538 Ramona Street
