# KATHERINE SHELDON, '17. ANNOUNCES ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
The betrothal of Miss Katherine Shel
don, '17, to William Armstrong Mud
gett of Boston was announced Tuesday
at a charming tea at the Sheldon home
in Palo Alto. Miss Sheldon is a mem
ber of Delta Gamma, and Mudgett, a
graduate of Dartmouth College, is a
Sigma Xi.
