# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
Keep up with the news by
listening to KZSU. Join us for
up-to-the-minute news at 8:30
a.m., 12:45, 3,5, and 6 pjn.
plus the evening news round-up
at 10 p.m.
