# New Housing Open To Grad Students
## 
### 
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
Some newly constructed apart
ments located in high-rise build
ings in Escondido Village are be
ing made available to single grad
uate students, Dean 11. Donald
Winbigler announced 1 his week.
These apartments are for double
occupancy and each consists of
a combination living room-dining
room, kitchen, bedroom, bath
room, entrance hall and an exter
ior balcony accessible from both
the living room and the bedroom
by means of sliding glass doors.
All glass doors and windows are
draped.
The apartments are furnished
except for personal items such as
blankets and linens, cooking uten
sils, silverware and dishes.
Rates for students are as fol
lows: Academic year (3 quarters!
$310. Calendar year < 1 quarters)
$66."). Summer Quarter only <S
weeks) s l -">. Summer Quarter
only 112 weeks) $ 1 SO.
