# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
J. NIELSEN
Expert Watchmaker and Jeweler
Headuarters for Wrist Watches and
Big Bens.
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
