# Nestorians Will Try Out for Team to Meet St. Ignatius
## 
### 
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
Tryouts for the dual debate between
Nestoria Debating Society and St. Igna
tius College, San Francisco, will be held
at the meeting of the society Wednesday
night at 7:30 in Room 12 of the Law
building. The question to be debated is:
"Resolved, that a six-to-three decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
should be required to render a law uncon
stitutional." All members or prospective
members of the society are eligible in the
preliminaries. Speeches will be five min
utes in length with three minutes allowed
for rebuttal.
Six men will be chosen and the three
man teams will start work on their re
spective sides of the question at once.
The debate with St. Ignatius will be held
on December 5.
