# Under the Sun
## 
### 
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
There is a place in
Washington, D. C.,
that stimulates
the imagination.
Carelessness and
chance made it
necessary. It is
a sepulchre for
things that got
tired of trying to
find a resting place.
And it keeps secrets
better than any
human could.
I'm talking about the
dead-letter office.
If you like to avoid
thinking about the
way folks' lives get
jumbled by little
things, don't lot
the dead-letter
\
office disturb you.
