# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
GREETINGS
With the last issue
of the Stanford Daily
for 1 935 we extend
to you our best
wishes for a happy
holiday season and a
most successful new
year.
The Stanford Daily
