# Egyptian Students Resist Domination
## 
### 
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
CAIRO, Egypt, Dec. 2 (/P). — A
number of students were arrested
when a riot against British domina
tion of Egypt broke out tonight, the
second of such disorders of the day.
Police charged into a crowd of
students which was showing anti-
British slogans and the students
countered with stones. A general
fight resulted but police finally
quieted the disturbance.
