# Tolstoi Books On Exhibit at Library
## 
### 
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
A memorial collection of photo
graphs, books, and publications of
Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi is on dis
play in the library through the in
terest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Lanz
and the courted of the American
Russian Institution, S«n Francisco.
A collection of Burmese books,
manuscripts, and pictures is also
shown through the courtesy of Mr.
John L. Christian, a graduate stu
dent.
