# FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE QUARTER
## 
### 
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
Wednesday, Dcc. '4: Rose Bowl
Tickets—Sale will positively end
at 5 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 5: The Christian
Science Organization — The last
meeting of the quarter will be
held at 7:30 p.m. on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Friday, Jan. 3: Registration for
winter quarter.
