# Poetry Program Scheduled Today
## 
### 
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
An Armistice Day readme hour
entitled "T-ot There Be Light" will
be presented bv the Speech and
Dram'' Department today at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater of Me
morial Hall.
The public is invite- to attend
this second reading hour of the au
tumn scries.
