# 'Back-of-the-Week'
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12 (UP)—
All-America football memo:
Quarterback Gary Kerkorian of
Stanford, who spelled the differ
ence between two great teams,
rates this vote today as top man
in football's backficld -of - the
week.
The heady, steady star of the
unbeaten Indians took more than
his customary share of hard
knocks against Southern Califor
nia last Saturday but his passing
proved to be the significant fac
tor in a crucial victory. He heads
he week's all-star group includ
ing halfbacks Dick Kazmaier of
Princeton, Billy Hair of Clemson,
and Dick Panin of Michigan State.
