# Adv. Page 4
## 
### 
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
Interested in writing an
opinions column this sum
mer? To apply, just write a
sample column and get it to
The Daily by June 21.
