# Adv. Page 16
## 
### 
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
The Balia'is of Stanford
invite you to attend a talk
by Prof. Firuz Kazeinzadeh
Chairman of the Department
of History, Yale University,
titled:
"Prerequisites for World
Peace."
Friday June 6th
7:30 to 9:30 pm
Oak West Room
Tresidder Union
Stanfotd University
