# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
2 Piece
Play Suit
3.95
Halter and Short-s
of fine cotton
twills, seersuckers,
in dots, stripes, and
plain colors
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
