# Yanks Win Okinawa's Chocolate Drop Hill
## 
### United Press 
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
American troops captured bloody
Chocolate Drop Hill, guarding the
northern defenses to Shuri, key of
Japanese central defenses on Oki
nawa, Tuesday. The strategic vic
tory opened the way for a final
southward push, while hand-to
hand fighting raged in Naha's
streets.
Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz
disclosed that 357 enemy aircraft
were destroyed or damaged in a
destructive two-day carrier assault
against the Japanese homeland. The
carrier planes struck 18 airdromes
Sunday and Monday.
Philippines forces liberated 90 per
cent of Mindanao and closed in on
dwindling Japanese forces in the
remaining area.
In central China the Chinese
army's great counter - offensive
drove the Japanese back and al
ready 2.700 Japanese dead have been
counted.
