# Dr. Child to Talk On Oxidation at 4
## 
### 
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
Dr. C. M. Child, professor emeri
tus of zoology at the University of
Chicago and lecturer in biology at
Stanford will speak today at the
biology seminar. Dr. Child will
speak on "Oxidation Reduction In
dicators and Development Patterns."
The seminar will begin at 4:15 in
room 430. Jordan Hall, and will be
preceded by a tea at 4 p.m.
