# Executive Committee.
## 
### 
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
The three Stanford representa
tives on (lie executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Debating
League came before the committee
and asked for an appropriation of
$40 for the use of the Intercollegi
ate debaters. This sum was al
lowed.
The constitution of the Stanford
(lice was next taken up for consid
eration. it was referred to a sub
committee to be revised and re
ported at the nexi meeting.
The i.latter of the pin which it
was voted some lime ago to allow
each Stanford debater, received fur
ther consideration at this meeting.
The committee finally decided to
procure for the debaters a gold
clasp pin with a varsity "block S"
in cardinal enamel encircled by a
wreath worked in green gold. The
cost of this pin will be $3.75 each.
