# President's Conference Next Week.
## 
### 
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
The second meeting of the Men's
Conference will be held at the Xaz
min house, next Wednesday evening
at 8 p. m.
