# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first Varsity contcst of the
spring season will he held tomorrow,
and the Student Body expects the base
ball men to win the first of the con
tinued scries of victories which ought
to mark the present semester. No
Stanford nine in the past has ever had
a better coach and captain than the
present team, and the aggregation
which Lanagan and Presley have
welded together is one that inspires
the bleachers with confidence in its
ability to break the hoodoo which has
hovered too long over Cardinal base
ball. The team has worked under I
exceptionally difficult conditions this
year on account of a disordered sched
ule due to inclement weather, but the
players will go into tomorrow's con
test prepared to play the game of
their careers. All other things being
equal the final outcome of the game
will depend in a large measure upon ;
the support which the team gets from
the rooters, and it will be the privi
lege as well as the duty of every j
Stanford man to be present at tomor- J
row's contest.
