# To Finish Third Tournament.
## 
### 
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
The two remaining matches in the
third preliminary tennis tournament
will be played off tomorrow morning
on the Encina courts. Salisbury will
meet Brackett at 8, and the winner
will play Delano immediately after
ward.
