# RALLY ON THURSDAY NEXT.
## Final Sendoff for Track and Baseball Teams will be in Assembly Hall. 
### 
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
A combined track and baseball rally
will be held Thursday evening, April
19, the Thursday before the Intercol
legiate Track Meet and the second
game in the Intercollegiate Baseball
Series, which come on the Saturday
following. The program has not ye'

been definitely made out by Yell
Leader Kellogg, but will consist of
speeches by prominent track and base
ball men in college, with probably i
few stunts, and music by the Orches
tra. The speakers have not yet been
selected but will be announced in tin
next day or two. The rally will prob
ably be held in Assembly Hall
