# Up Team Picked
## 
### 
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
MVV YOKK Six-foot-nine Clyde
f.ovelletle of Kansas, the leadiru 1
scorei in the major college ranks,
was the outstanding choice on tin
1951-52 United Press All - America
basketball team announced today.
Dick Groat of Duke, Chuck Dar
liny of lowa, Cliff Hagan of Ken
tucky, and Mark Workman of West
Virginia were the oilier players se
lected in a nationwide poll of more
than 200 sports writers and radio
lii oadcasters.
