# SOPH REUNION
## 
### 
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
Sophomores aie invited to go
roller-skating Sunday night wb"n
theii clat>s will hold a reunion f»om
8 to 11 at the Skate -Haven Roller-
Rink, .1175 Middlefleld Road, Palo
Alto.
