# Room Deposit Transfers Due
## 
### 
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
Sign-up for transfer of room
deposits from winter to spring
quarter will lit* held today in all
campus residences for men and in
the Village. All ranis must be
signed today. Men failing to file
transfer -ot - room - deposit cards
will lose spring quarter room as
signments.
