# Boeing Positions Open to Students
## 
### 
Representative::, from, Boeing Air
plane Company will show y movie
today at 3:30 p.m. m Room 2. r iU and
will be on campus tomorrow and
Friday to interview .students. They
are interested in graduates for Ihe
design, development, and research
departments. Positions arc also
open in plant, tool, and production
engineering. Mathematicians and
physicists with advanced degrees
who are inteie:;ted in engineering
are eligible. Student:; interested
should sign up at the Placement
Service.
Joseph D Harrington, assistant to
the president of the H. M. Gousha
Map Company, will he here to
morrow to interview students of
geography and cartography inter
ested in positions in the map-mak
ing fields. The interviews will be
held 111 Room .'Â»() at 2 p.m.
