# KA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
Jack Kimball was recently elect
ed new KA president, with Don
Mungai, vice - president, and Jim
Monson, secretary. Connie Cox is
tbe new resident assistant at the
house.
