# Historian
## 
### 

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.

Dr. Samuel Flagg Beinis, from
Yale University, will be acting
professor of history at Stanford
during the summer quarter. He
will offer a course and a seminar
in American diplomatic history, a
field in which he is one of the
leading authorities in the United
States.
