# CHINA'S FAMINE AREA
## 
### 
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
China's famine, now claiming
thousands of lives in Honan and
Szechuen provinces, is the result of
climatic and geographic factors simi
to those in western United States.
These Chinese provinces, like the
American prairie, are on the leeward
side of great mountain barriers.
