# Slimmer Visitors
## 
### 

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.

Professor John Franklin Eber
sole. Harvard University business
authority, will lead classes here.


Dr. Jesse S. Stciner, acting pro
fessor of sociology, from the Uni
versity of Washington.
