# Coed Plays As Fashion Editor
## 
### 
Susan Heilmann, of Stanford
University, winner of a 1966
Guest Editorship with Mad
emoiselle magazine, was in New
York City last month working
in the offices of the magazine.
She and the 19 other winners
came to New York to help edit
Mademoiselle's August College
Issue and to prepare special
assignments for their depart
ments.
The Guest Editors were sel
ected from ammg 1500 entrants
on the basis of their aptitudes
for publishing shown through
creative assignments submitted
throughout the year to the maga
zine's College Competitions
Department.
Miss Heilmann served as
Guest Advertising Director. In
this capacity, she was in a po
sition to learn about all phases
of a magazine advertising de
partment. She accompanied
salesmen on their calls to
clients who advertise in Made
moiselle, and assisted the
representatives in preparing
sales presentations.
Miss Heilmann began her
editorial duties on June 1 when
she and the other Guest Edi
tors breakfasted with the edi
tors of Mademoisell. Later that
morning, she met Betsy Tal
bot Blackwee, Editor-in-Chief
of Mademoisell, who welcomed
her to the staff. Miss Heilmann
then went to lunch with Gor
don N. Morford, Advertising
Director, for a briefing on his

department's current projects.
To introduce the Guest Edi
tors to New York socially, Mad
emoiselle gave a party in their
honor at fashion photographer
George Barkentin's studio on
Thursday, June 2. The next day
they were the guests of Charles
of the Ritz where they were
given a make-up lesson, sam
ples of the new Miss Ritz pro
ducts and met Irving Beer, pre
sident and chairman of the exe
cutive committee, and Maxwell
Bower, vice president of
Charles of the Ritz, at a cham
pagne reception. At the home of
Tore Tallroth, the Swedish Con
sul General, the Guest Editors
previewed their trip to Scan
dinavia.
Tuesday, June 7, the Guest
Editors were among the models
showing fall fashions in Made
moiselle's annual Back-to -
College fashion show before
2,000 retailers in the Grand
Ballroom of the Waldorf-As
toria Hoter. The show was a
preview of the August College
Issue, the largest single issue
in fashion publishing.
That night Mademoiselle
threw a party at Cheetah, New
York's newest, night spot. Two
thousand guests gathered to
honor the Guest Editors and
frugged the night out, dancing
to the music of three live bands.
Hundreds of celebrities from
Broadway, Hollywood and the
fashion industry attended.
