# Untitled Article
## 
### 

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).

LIN AC MODERNIZATION at Stanford's High Energy Physics
Laboratory calls for tunneling (5) beneath the building to
make room for a 500-foot improved Mark III linear electron
accelerator, plus a new six-story underground end station
(4) to house experimental equipment where accelerated
electrons will bombard nuclear targets. Architect's drawing
also shows existing laboratory building (1) and end stations
(2 and 3).
