# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
Philosophy 197
(directed reading)
1 unit
Mondays 7-8 pm
at Mirrielees
First Floor Lounge
This Seminar will explore the debates over
hate speech on college campuses and the
movement to treat certain types of pornogra
phy as civil rights offenses. We will discuss
the relevant First Amendment principle from
both legal & philosophical perspectives.
Special emphasis will be placed on Stanford's
policy on discriminatory harassment.
