# Farm to See War Epic
## 
### 
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
"Fighting Lady," a film showing
life aboard an aircraft carrier at
war, will be shown on the screen
tonight at 7:30 in Memorial Audi
torium as the first, program of the
winter quarter Tuesday Evening
Series. The public is invited with
out charge.
Filmed in technicolor by Navy
combat photographers and narrated
by Lt. (j.g.) Robert Taylor, the
movie records the life of the crew
aboard an Essex-class carrier dur
ing World War 11. The picture was
widely distributed in service camps
and at public theaters three years
ago and is considered one of the
outstanding films to come out of
the war.
The story begins with the carrier
under way for the Panama Canal.
Nothing disturbs the regular rou
tine of shipboard life, but the con
tinual practice of battle drills.
Through the Canal and in the Pa
cific, the days pass in quiet monot
ony until the men learn of their
first objective — Marcus Island, a
stronghold of the Japanese.
With the attack on Marcus,
"Fighting Lady" gets her first taste
of action. From Marcus the car
rier moves on to Kwajalein, then
Truk and finally she and her planes
participate in the invasion of Sai
pan. On - the - scene shots of the
"Marianas turkey shoot" are spec
tacular.
"Fighting Lady" was photo
graphed by Navy enlisted men un
der the direction of Capt. Edward
Steichen and Lt. Comdr. Dwight
Long, and produced by Louis de-
Rochement of 20th Century-Fox.
