# ENGINEERING INTERVIEW
## 
### 
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
Graduates in mechanical engi
neering and metallurgy will have an
opportunity to talk with R. C. Beek
stead of the American Smelting and
Refining Co. tomorrow, announced
Robert E. Swenson, assistant direc
tor of the Appointment Service.
Application forms should be ob
tained from the Appointment Serv
ice and completed prior to the time
of interview.
