# Reds Rough
## 
### 
BERLIN. Jan. 12 (UP)â€”Russian
troops forcibly detained two official
American automobiles and their oc
cupants for three hours yesterday in
what may prove to be a developing
''Ret tough" policy aimed at making
the American and British position in
Berlin untenable.
This incident, and the shooting of
five bullets into the car of an Amer
ican Air Force major, followed im
mediately an implied warning in the
official Red Army newspaper that
Russia might seek to oust the United
States and Britain from Berlin be
cause of their new agreement for the
unification of Western Germany.
The victims of the first "get tough

incident were Maj. Richard B. Baker
of the U. S. Air Force and his wife.
A Russian soldier fired five shots
into their car at a road block 125
miles west of Berlin. Baker suffered
a nicked finger, either by a bullet
or flying glass. In that incident the
Russian commander apologized and
reprimanded the man who fired the
shots.
