# Code Group Needs Help
## 
### 
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
Interviews for positions on a spe
cial group whose activities will be
co-ordinated with those of the Hon
or Code Standing Committee will
continue today and Thursday from
10 to 11 a.m. and tomorrow and Fri
day from 12:30 to 1 p.m. in the
office of the ASSU president in the
Old Union.
Members of all classes will be
represented as chairmen. Experi
ence is desirable, but will be out
weighed by interest and energy
qualifications.
Positions will be available for
those who would "just like to help,"
not merely manager or chairman
aspirants.
The seven available top positions
include understudy to the present
chairman, freshman indoctrination
chairman, transfer and graduate
student indoctrination chairman,
faculty contact chairman, corre
spondence chairman, speakers' bu
reau chairman, and chairman of the
Library examination files.
