# WASHINGTON FACULTY WIVESâ€™ CLUB HAS MALE APPLICANT
## 
### 
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
Application for membership in the
Faculty Wives' Club at the University
of Washington has been made by Les
lie W. Kerrigan. Because he is not a
member of the Faculty, Kerrigan can
not belong to the Faculty Men's Club.
But his wife is a member of-the fac
ulty, and Kerrigan made his applica
tion to the Women's Club in hopes
of obtaining membership. His appli
cation has not been accepted as yet.
