# SOPHOMORES OF WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY PLAN “HELLO DAY”
## 
### 
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
Sophomores at the University of
Washington recently voted to have a
"Hello Day"on their campus January
11. The plan as adopted states that
every sophomore will speak to every
other student he meets on that day.
Women students are particularly ask
ed to cooperate, they being most at
fault in the past when "Hello Days"
were not a success.
It is hoped to establish this day as
an annual affair and possibly secure
the continued use of "Hello Day"
throughout the college year.
