# Maskers Elect Officers.
## 
### 
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
' A meeting of the Maskers was held
on January 2d, and the following offi
cers were elected: Miss A, Wright,
president; Miss B. Buckingham, '09,
vice-president; Miss M. Howell, '10,
secretary and treasurer. Miss A.
Kimball, '04, was elected to honorary
membership.
