# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.

JOHN GROVER OF KPO auditions James Smith, Pat Barrett, and Garrett Starmer for roles in the Stan
ford-NBC Radio Institute broadcast, "The Taming of Juliet," which will be heard tomorrow noon over a
transcontinental NBC hookup and KPO. Waiting their turns are Beatrice Vitousek, Lloyd Sisler, Nancy
Strinsky, Marjorie McGilvray, Sound Technician Bill Brownell, John Mickey, Jay Cline and George L.
Moore.
