# Announcements.
## 
### 
Geology Society. — Business
meeting Thursday at 4:30 p.m. in
room 11.
University Orchestra. — Re
hearsal in the chapel Thursday at
7:30 p.m.
Foil and Mask. —No meeting
Thursday evening, on account of
the football rally.
General Choir. — No meeting
Saturday morning. The Festival
Choir will meet as usual Friday
afternoon at 4:30 in the chapel.
Assessments. —1 will be in room
10 tomorrow, 1 to 1:30, to collect
Quad assessments. There is only
one month left in which to have
pictures taken. A.S.Henley,
Manager.
Woman's Club. — The Faculty
Woman's Club will meet Monday,
November 10th, at 3 o'clock, at the
house of Mrs. Guido Marx, Lincoln
avenue, Palo Alto. Mr. V. L.
Kellogg will give an informal talk
on "A Pilgrimage to Mt Vala."
Geology Society. — Important
opening meeting on next Monday
evening at 7:30 in room 11. J)r.
Brainier will speak to all Seniors
of the Geology department, partic
ularly to those of the Summer Sur
vey. Topic, "Professional Eti
quette."
