# PHYSICAL FITNESS
## 
### 
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
Physical fitness tests will be given
to all new men students Monday be
tween 3 and (J o'clock on Angel 1
Field. Except for the tests, new men
will not attend gym classes on Mon
day. This is the only time the tests
will be given, and men are asked to
wear street shoes.
