# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
O'CONNOR
MOFFATT & CO.
Stockton at O'Farrell
SUtter 1800
Vacation firings
a Quintette of
PIQUE
HATS
A type for every vacation
need. Colored bands to
match accessories and
costume colors.
lA)S
Giir
f 1.95
WB: ¥ Casual
Brimmer,
1.95
% s ■
If )
ir Saucy
0«f-
Facer,
\ .... Sportive
\) ZT\ Topper,
< 1.95
Casual Haf Nook
First Floor
