# PRINCESS ELOPES
## 
### 
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
A I HENS, May 28 (/Pi.—Princess
Aza. lister of King Ghazi of Iraq,
and a young hotel waiter named
Anaita.se Charalambi were married
secretly her£ Tuesday, it was learn
ed todav.
