# CHESS CLUB PLANS CALIFORNIA MATCH
## 
### 
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
Installation of new officers and dis
cussion of plans for the California
ohoss match will be the business of
the Cardinal Chess Club meeting to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Y.M.C.A.
building.
The California match will take place
late this quarter or at the beginning
of the spring term. Seven men will bo
chosen during this quarter to repre
sent Stanford in the match.
I
