# Adv. 24 Page 13
## 
### 
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Fraternities.Sororities.
Clubs.Student Groups
Earn $1,000-52,000 this semester
with a proven Campus Fundraiser
3hr fundraising event. Our
programs make fund raising easy
with no risks. Fundraising dates
are filling quickly, so get with
the program! It works.
Contact CampusFundßaiser at
(888) 923-3238 or visit
a'AYAYM-lIU •l'.Hl'.lll* 1 r.IHH RAM Ill
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPinaCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
Save $ on online shopping!
E-ShoDPingCents.com is the place
to find great deals and coupons
available for online retailers.
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961-5967
Volvo 2000 SBO T6 23k Exc. cond.
fully loaded. $23K or BO
408-252-9855
CHILDCARE
Babysitter needed for toddler
Flexible part-time, exp required
650-566-1890
