# corrections
## 
### 
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
On the front page of yesterday's
Daily, the graphic regarding Stan
ford's new early admissions policy
incorrecdy stated that "admitted
students still must withdraw other
applications." The policy actually
states that students who apply early
to Stanford will not be allowed to
apply early to any other school.
