# Defining hazardous waste
## 
### Scott Van Winkle Staff writer 
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
Anything corrosive, toxic or
ignitable can be considered haz
ardous waste. Standards the
California Environmental Pro
tection Agency has established
for proper handling of haz
ardous waste at Stanford are as
follows:
• only personnel authorized by
the California Department of
Toxic Substances Control are
permitted to handle waste,
unless it is a "benchtop treat
ment" of laboratory chemicals.
"Benchtop treatment" is strict
ly defined as cleanup of a small

experiment.
• everyone who handles waste is
responsible for properly label
ing waste. Labels must say
"hazardous waste" and include
specific descriptions of the con
tent and production of the
waste.
• hazardous waste containers
must be kept closed at all times,
except when waste is being
added to or removed from the
container
• waste can only be taken to
storage facilities in containers
approved by the U.S. Depart
ment of Transportation, and
should be packaged by staff of
the University's Environmen
tal Health and Safety depart
ment.
• waste chemicals must be deter

mined to be either hazardous or
non-hazardous before they are
disposed of. No waste may be
disposed of down the drain,
unless it has been determined to
be non-hazardous and the dis
posal complies with state and
local waste discharge require
ments.
A hazardous waste guide is avail
able from the EH&S office. Call
3-0448 for more details.
