# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
TOWN TAXI
PHONE 25
7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
