# French Club Will Hold Important Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
French Club will hold its most im
portant meeting of the year this eve
ning, in the Women's Club House, at
8 p.m., when a popular French play
will be presented by members of the
organization.
