# Dr. Rubinow to Give Lecture on Health Insurance
## 
### 
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
"Health Insurance as a California
Problem" is the subject upon which
Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State Health and
Accident Commissioner, is to lecture
in the Palo Alto Women's Club House
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
lecture is to be Riven under the aus
pices of the Palo Alto Women's Club,
and a cordial invitation is extended
to the students of Stanford by that
body.
Through his connection with the
State Social Health Insurance Com
mittee, and formerly with the Federal
Bureau of Labor and Statistics, Dr.
Rubinow is well versed in health in
surance problems, bavins written a
text-book and several articles on the
subject. As the lecture will embrace
a topic of particular interest to the
Economics department, majors in this
department are especially invited.
