# BURGOO KING TO PIMLICO
## 
### 
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
NEW YORK, May 11. (A*)— Burgoo
King, winner of ihe Kentucky der
by, will be shipped to Pimlico for
the $50,000 Freakness after a work
out over the Belmont Park course
tomorrow morning, E. R. Bradley,
the colt's owner - , said today.
