# [Not Clear].W.C.A. TO ELECT NEW OFFICERS AT POLLS TOMORROW
## 
### 
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
Election of new officers for the
miing year for the Stanford
.W.C.A. will take place tomorrow
urn 11 to 5 o'clock in the "Y"
>oms on the third floor of the
'omen's Clubhouse. Nominations,
hich have not yet been completed,
ill be announced tomorrow morn
s'.
A tea for all members of the "Y"
ill be given tomorrow afternoon
om 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
lubhouse, at which time votes may
} cast for the officers. The new
cecutive committee chosen at that
me will make appointments for the
,'W cabinet, which will take office
>xt Wednesday evening at a joint
eeting with this year's cabinet,
lans are also being made for a
■int meeting of the old and new
Ivisory boards with the old and
3W cabinets on May 24.
