# Dr. Jordan Attends Inauguration.
## 
### 
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
President Jordan left the campus
today to take part in the inaugural
exercises atendant upon the installa
tion of Dr. William W. Guth as pres
ident of the University of the Pacific.
The new head of the college was orig
inally of the class of '95 here, and
took his degree in theology at the Bos
ton Institute of Technology. Dr. Jor
dan will speak before the assembly to
day upon the subject "The University
and Specialism."
