# Adv. 1 Page 11
## 
### 
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
CLASSIFIEDS
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
HOUSING
One bedroom cottage with living
room 15x10 ft. rooms and a covered
deck 10x25 ft. and storage spaces.
Five miles from Stanford University,
off Alameda de las Pulgas in a gated
property. Available 15 June, 2012.
Price $ 2,200 pm including heat,
water, electricity, parking and
access to a gym. 650 714 4430; 650
496 2220. Ideal for a Post-Doc,
Visiting scholar, faculty or staff.
Reference required.
Email nkapany@hotmail.com
