# Adv. 3 Page 12
## 
### 
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
Taxis Are Expensive
and Unreliable.
Do you need to get to
the airport or anywhere?
Join the revolution at
tickengo.com/stanford
m
TICKENGO
