# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
Coupon good on Monday's, I
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's l
only. s I
