# DIDN'T GET RATTLED THIS TIME
## 
### 
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
Saturday night's fii'st half was a
repetition of the opening periods in
the two previous Cal contests. Stan
ford matched the Bears ; and left the
floor at half time with but a one
point disadvantage. The Bears were
expected to pull ahead, as usual, in
the second half.
But Stanford with Keith Topping,
Dinty Moore, and Arne Anderson
scoring spectacularly, went by Cali
fornia with such a rush in the open
ing minutes that the Bears were
forced to press. Fouls resulted, and
with three first string men off the
floor the Bears were unable to regain
the lead.
Coach John Bunn must have
looked with pleasure at the Cards
calmly passing the ball between
themselves during the closing min
utes, waiting for set-up shots and
completely controlling the game. If
Stanford could have won all the
games that they have thrown away
during the last few minutes of play
in the past two seasons; they would
skip a couple of places in confer
ence standings.
—D'Evelyn.
