# STANFORD DAMES
## 
### 
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
The sewing group of the Stanford
Dames will meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock at the home of Mrs.
Lyman Benson, 736 Partridge ave
nue, Menlo Park.

The walls of a San Francisco bar
ber shop are papered with German
marks, made valueless since before
the World War.
