# Faculty Members Speak At College Symposium
## 
### 
Professors Ralph H. Lutz and Har
old Chapman Brown are listed as
speakers on the program of the San
Francisco State Teachers College
annual social problems symposium
today and tomorrow.
Professor Albert Guerard of the
English department opened discus
sions yesterday at the Palace Hotel,
speaking on "The Versailles Treaty
and National Antagonism. ' Profes
sor Lutz, dean of graduate study,
and Professor Brown, of the phil
osophy department, will speak, the
femer tomorrow afternoon on "The
War Threat and the Balance of
Power," and the latter tomorrow
night on "The Criteria of an Ideal
Society.'
Lutz will speak at the teachers'
college in Sen Francisco, and Brown
at the Community Playhouse.
