# Stanford, U.S.F. Debate On Collective Bargaining
## 
### 
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
Speaking before an audience of
200 last night in San Francisco, Rob
ert McKenzie and Jim Reynolds de
bated against the University of San 1
Francisco on the negative of the j
question, "Resolved, that all collec
tive bargaining should be negotiated
through non-company unions, safe
guarded by law."
For McKenzie, a junior, this non- I
decision debate was his initial ven
ture with the varsity squad, while
Reynolds was a star debater of the
frosh team last year, and spoke in
his second varsity tilt last night.
