# HELPS ROOSEVELT
## 
### 

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert E. Wood (above), Chicago
business man, was asked by Presi
dent Roosevelt to organize an advis
ory committee to consult with him
in the spending of the proposed
work relief fund. (Associated Press
Photo)
