# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow; continued cold; gentle to
moderate northwest to north wind;
low Peninsula morning tempera
tures 25 to 30.
