# ENGAGEMENTS
## 
### 
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
The Stanford School of Nursing
Residence announces the engage
ment of Elinor Ruth Olson, '49, to
Harold Lowenthaul, '51, of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
San Francisco. The Residence also
announces the engagement of Pa
tricia Helk, '50, to Douglas R.
Wood worth, '48.
