# Dr., Mrs. Wilbur To Receive Graduates
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite s»U students receiving de
grees. their parents, and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's House on Friday after
noon, June 11, from 4 to 6 o'clock.
The faculty and alumni are also
invited.
