# Last Chappie Is Life Take-off
## 
### 
The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

The last Chappie will be the great
est Chappie ol" all time, said Doug
Hastings. "I just had appendicitis
and the magazine was conceived in
pain. It looks it."
A Uike-off on Life magazine,
"Henry Luce" Hastings will release
his opus at the new low price of 25
cents, soon.
He went on to say that his little
joker should force Life out of the
Far West. It incorporates all the
best features of the more famous mag
and some special ones of his own he
said, with a leer.

