# Professor Abbott Will Speak.
## 
### 
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
Professor Nathan Abbott of the
Law department will speak before
the law students Wednesday at
3:45, in room 2, quad, on "Law Re
porting in the United States."
