# State Heads Plan New Era
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16 (UP).—
Recommendations for building a bet
ter California piled up by the dozen
today as state leaders pooled re
sources with the reemployment and
reconstruction commission in the
opening day of a two-day recon
version conference in the state capi
tol building.
Nine citizens' advisory committees
representing every facet of the state
economy were called together in
sessions aimed to assist Gov. Earl
Warren and the legislature in set
ting policies for moving smoothly
into the postwar era.
