# Rehearsal of Gaieties Arts Planned Tonight
## 
### 
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
Gaiety rehearsals will be held
tonight, and all members who are
in the following acts are urged 1
(o be on hand:
"Brig scene." 7 to 7:30; chorus
and dance "Russian scene," 7:30
to 9; and "On Deck" scene, 9 to
9:30.
