# Music Council To Meet at 2
## 
### 
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
Music Council will hold its first
meeting today at 2 p.m. in the Ex
com room. Distribution of the new
Stanford song books which were
planned last year will be discussed.
Mary Jane Bull, chairman, has
announced that the song books have
arrived and will be distributed
shortly through Music Council.
Officers will be clectcd at to
night's meeting, and plans for the
year will be made. All representa
tives to the Council arc urged to
come to the meeting.
