# Pull!
## 
### 

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.

Frosh get an early introduction to the
long hard pull ahead of them during
the Freshman Activities day outside
Wilbur Saturday.
