# Libe Late
## 
### 

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.

The opening of the new Undergraduate library will be de
layed until November, it was announced recently. The
"UGLY" was originally scheduled to open at the beginning
of this school year.
