# Four On The Floor
## 
### 

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.

Stanford's team of four-wlth
coxwain glides through Seattle
water 2 lengths ahead of nearest
competitor. The Indians excelled
in YVashington and made good
showing at the national meet In
Philadelphia, qualifying six men
for international competition In
Bled, Jugoslavia.
