# Antennas Grow in Hills
## 
### 
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
The first of five dish-shaped
antennas, an array that will al
low the best sensitivity and fo
cus so far was unwrapped re
cently by Professor Ronald N.
Bracewell.
The group of di6h-shaped an
tennas should be completed in
two or three years. They Will
combine to give a high sensiti
vity and higher resolution
(sharp focus) than any radio
telescope of its type now exist
ing.
The combined surface area of
the telescopes when completed

will be over 15,000 square feet
of structural aluminum. Thus
the new "ear" will be able to
pick out about 75 of the known
"quasars", or stars which emit
electromagnetic waves.
The radio telescope was de
signed and built by the radio
astronomy group for reasons
of economy, Prof. Bracewell
said. If commercially produced,
it would cost about $3 million,
or four times as much. The tele
scope project was supported by
the Air Force.
