# LASSU
## 
### 

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."

The summer quarter Legislature, shown during a
meeting to decide the fate of the ASSU film series.
The series was banned after University officials
decided it was in "poor taste."
