# Summer
## 
### 

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.

The annual summer quarter watermelon feed, held
across from Lagunita Court, featured volleyball,
swimming, and, of course, watermelon.
