# Adv. 51 Page 22
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
The American
Cancer Society
thanksyou.
Their families
thankyou.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if i
I cancer is detected in
its early stages,
I chances for cure are
greatly increased.
1 Thankyou. <
J AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY®
— 1
