# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fhom a vehement editorial which
appeared in the San Mateo Time«-
(iuzettc of recent date a casual
reader must have concluded that

Stanford students had conducted!
themselves in a most discreditablej
manner at the ball following the;
opening of the Alhanibra Theater, j
Whether any Stanford students:
were responsible for the disorder!
mentioned—and from all reports!
available they were not- —the eriti-i
cising journal was unnecessarily
harsh and ill-tempered in its at
tack. One thing, however, is to be
learned from these adverse com
ments, and that is, that Stanford
students should ever be on guard
to avoid giving opportunity for
such criticism. This is especially
the case where there are so nninv
willing to pick flaws and so many
others willing to listen to unfavor
able reports.
It is an unfortunate fact that
there is in every college a certain
contingent which, when off the
campus, grows reckless. Its mem
bers are willing to risk the reputa
tion of their alma mater by dis
orderly acts which at other times
they would probably be ashamed i
to own. These students (?), under
the idea that they are having a
good time, are in reality injuring
i he good name of their college a nd of
every loyal student in it. At Stan
ford we feel that this class is far
fewer in numbers than at most in
stitutions of the same size. Never
theless, carelessness musi be
avoided. Each student having the
interests of his college at heart
must in one sense constitute him
self his brother's keeper, lie must
see to it that not only his own
acts but those of his comrade shall
be absolutely free from any in
jurious construction.
Fhom a vehement editorial which
appeared in the San Mateo Time«-
(iuzettc of recent date a casual
reader must have concluded that

Stanford students had conducted!
themselves in a most discreditablej
manner at the ball following the;
opening of the Alhanibra Theater, j
Whether any Stanford students:
were responsible for the disorder!
mentioned—and from all reports!
available they were not- —the eriti-i
cising journal was unnecessarily
harsh and ill-tempered in its at
tack. One thing, however, is to be
learned from these adverse com
ments, and that is, that Stanford
students should ever be on guard
to avoid giving opportunity for
such criticism. This is especially
the case where there are so nninv
willing to pick flaws and so many
others willing to listen to unfavor
able reports.
It is an unfortunate fact that
there is in every college a certain
contingent which, when off the
campus, grows reckless. Its mem
bers are willing to risk the reputa
tion of their alma mater by dis
orderly acts which at other times
they would probably be ashamed i
to own. These students (?), under
the idea that they are having a
good time, are in reality injuring
i he good name of their college a nd of
every loyal student in it. At Stan
ford we feel that this class is far
fewer in numbers than at most in
stitutions of the same size. Never
theless, carelessness musi be
avoided. Each student having the
interests of his college at heart
must in one sense constitute him
self his brother's keeper, lie must
see to it that not only his own
acts but those of his comrade shall
be absolutely free from any in
jurious construction.
Fhom a vehement editorial which
appeared in the San Mateo Time«-
(iuzettc of recent date a casual
reader must have concluded that

Stanford students had conducted!
themselves in a most discreditablej
manner at the ball following the;
opening of the Alhanibra Theater, j
Whether any Stanford students:
were responsible for the disorder!
mentioned—and from all reports!
available they were not- —the eriti-i
cising journal was unnecessarily
harsh and ill-tempered in its at
tack. One thing, however, is to be
learned from these adverse com
ments, and that is, that Stanford
students should ever be on guard
to avoid giving opportunity for
such criticism. This is especially
the case where there are so nninv
willing to pick flaws and so many
others willing to listen to unfavor
able reports.
It is an unfortunate fact that
there is in every college a certain
contingent which, when off the
campus, grows reckless. Its mem
bers are willing to risk the reputa
tion of their alma mater by dis
orderly acts which at other times
they would probably be ashamed i
to own. These students (?), under
the idea that they are having a
good time, are in reality injuring
i he good name of their college a nd of
every loyal student in it. At Stan
ford we feel that this class is far
fewer in numbers than at most in
stitutions of the same size. Never
theless, carelessness musi be
avoided. Each student having the
interests of his college at heart
must in one sense constitute him
self his brother's keeper, lie must
see to it that not only his own
acts but those of his comrade shall
be absolutely free from any in
jurious construction.
Fhom a vehement editorial which
appeared in the San Mateo Time«-
(iuzettc of recent date a casual
reader must have concluded that

Stanford students had conducted!
themselves in a most discreditablej
manner at the ball following the;
opening of the Alhanibra Theater, j
Whether any Stanford students:
were responsible for the disorder!
mentioned—and from all reports!
available they were not- —the eriti-i
cising journal was unnecessarily
harsh and ill-tempered in its at
tack. One thing, however, is to be
learned from these adverse com
ments, and that is, that Stanford
students should ever be on guard
to avoid giving opportunity for
such criticism. This is especially
the case where there are so nninv
willing to pick flaws and so many
others willing to listen to unfavor
able reports.
It is an unfortunate fact that
there is in every college a certain
contingent which, when off the
campus, grows reckless. Its mem
bers are willing to risk the reputa
tion of their alma mater by dis
orderly acts which at other times
they would probably be ashamed i
to own. These students (?), under
the idea that they are having a
good time, are in reality injuring
i he good name of their college a nd of
every loyal student in it. At Stan
ford we feel that this class is far
fewer in numbers than at most in
stitutions of the same size. Never
theless, carelessness musi be
avoided. Each student having the
interests of his college at heart
must in one sense constitute him
self his brother's keeper, lie must
see to it that not only his own
acts but those of his comrade shall
be absolutely free from any in
jurious construction.
Fhom a vehement editorial which
appeared in the San Mateo Time«-
(iuzettc of recent date a casual
reader must have concluded that

Stanford students had conducted!
themselves in a most discreditablej
manner at the ball following the;
opening of the Alhanibra Theater, j
Whether any Stanford students:
were responsible for the disorder!
mentioned—and from all reports!
available they were not- —the eriti-i
cising journal was unnecessarily
harsh and ill-tempered in its at
tack. One thing, however, is to be
learned from these adverse com
ments, and that is, that Stanford
students should ever be on guard
to avoid giving opportunity for
such criticism. This is especially
the case where there are so nninv
willing to pick flaws and so many
others willing to listen to unfavor
able reports.
It is an unfortunate fact that
there is in every college a certain
contingent which, when off the
campus, grows reckless. Its mem
bers are willing to risk the reputa
tion of their alma mater by dis
orderly acts which at other times
they would probably be ashamed i
to own. These students (?), under
the idea that they are having a
good time, are in reality injuring
i he good name of their college a nd of
every loyal student in it. At Stan
ford we feel that this class is far
fewer in numbers than at most in
stitutions of the same size. Never
theless, carelessness musi be
avoided. Each student having the
interests of his college at heart
must in one sense constitute him
self his brother's keeper, lie must
see to it that not only his own
acts but those of his comrade shall
be absolutely free from any in
jurious construction.
