# DR. ZUEBLIN WILL SPEAK TO STUDENTS, OCTOBER 20.
## 
### 
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
Dr. Charles Zueblin of Chicago will
address a Stanford audience in the
chapel on October 20. The speaker
is an eminent preacher and distin
guished publicist. He will use as a
text for his lecture "Righteousness
Exalteth a Nation," Dr. Zueblin is
well known as the editor of the Twen
tieth Century Magazine. He is also
author of "Democracy and the Over
man" and "The Religion of a Demo
crat."
