# President Discusses Bacteriology.
## 
### 
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
President Jordan spoke before the
Physiology Club at Tuesday's meet
ing. lie told of the great strides
which have been made in medicine and
of the development of bacteriology
since he graduated at Indiana Medical
College in 187.'.
