# Women Organize Education Club.
## 
### 
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
Women of the Education department
have recently organized as the "Wo
men's Education Club." Miss M. B.
Hopwood, '12, was chosen president of
the society. A constitution will be
presented at the next meeting. Octo-
