# Pro draft
## 
### 
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
In yesterday's professional
football draft, Cardinal James Lof
ton was the sixth player chosen
and will spend next year with the
Green Bay Packers. Offensive
tackle Gordon King was picked by
the New York Giants, the tenth
player chosen in the draft. Quar
terback Guy Benjamin, nabbed in
the second round, was the first
player chosen by the Miami Dol
phins. For more details, see page
five.
