# Skindivers Plan Saturday Trip
## 
### 
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
Free diving and aqua lung div
ing are planned by the Stanford
Skindivers for their trip to Car
mel Saturday.*
All interested students are in
vited to accompany the club, ac
cording to John Richardson, who
is leading the trip. The only ex
perience needed is an ability to
swim. Extra club equipment will
be available.
Rides will leave the Cellar at
8 a.m. Saturday, and the divers
will meet at the Carme] Sport
Shop at 10 a.m.
Richardson at DA .'l-3121 or Wes
Lac-hman at DA 3-8802 may be
contacted for additional informa
tion.
