# Beeson Approved By 45 to 42 Vote
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Feb. 18 (UP)â€”
The Senate today approver! Presi
dent Eisenhower's controversial ap
pointment of Albert C. Beeson to
the National Labor Relation:, Board
despite Democratic charges that he
"lied" to the Senate.
The roll call vote of 45 1o 42 saw
three Southern Democrats join
forces with the Republicans to make
it possible for the San Jose, Calif.,
businessman to fill a one-year va
cancy on the NLRB. It. was the
administration's narrowest shave
this session.
The vote cappcd an afternoon of
debate in which Democrats charged
that Beeson "deceived" and "mis
led" the Senate about his business
connections. Republicans defended
him and accused the Democrats of
"insulting" Mr. Eisenhower.
