# Fear U.S. Nod To Red China
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)
Administration officials said today
Russia made the big concessions in
agreeing to a Big Five Geneva con
ference, but some Congressmen
feared it might lead to U.S. recog
nition of Red China.
Diplomatic officials here noted
that Secretary of State Dulles em
phatically rejected Russia's demand
that the Chinese Communist gov
ernment be represented at a Big
Five meeting to thresh out general
world problems. They termed Rust,
sia's acceptance of a conference lim
ited to Far Eastern affairs a major
concession.
These officials also noted that
Dulles forced the Reds to accept a
stipulation that the United States
was in no way agreeing to recogni
tion of Red China by attending the
Geneva conference.
They said China was allowed to
attend only because her presence
was absolutely necessary to any
peaceful settlement of Far East
problems.
