# Job Interviews
## 
### 
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
A representative of M. W. Kellogg
Company, M. A. Coyne, will be on
campus today to interview Ph.D.
candidates in chemistry, chemical
engineers at the M.S. and Ph.D. lev
els and mechanical engineers at the
M.S. level.
* * *
William E. Carroll of the Western
Union Telegraph Company will be
on campus today to interview elec
trical and mechanical engineers and
industrial management seniors. The
company is offering an engineering
apprentice course.
* * *
A representative of Cornell Ae
ronautical Laboratory will be here
Tuesday to interview students who
are studying for advanced degrees
in engineering, physics, and applied
mathematics. Undergraduate inter
views are limited to the top 20 per
cent of the class . Summer employ
ment positions will also be dis
cussed.
