# Rep. Mason Quits Over Manion Row
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 18 (UP)â€”A
Republican Congressman resigned
from President Eisenhower's inter
governmental relations commission
today with an angry charge that the
ouster of chairman Clarence E.
Manion "smacks of autocratic dic
tatorship."
The action by Rep. Noah M. Ma
son (111.) came as leaders of oppos
ing factions in the fight over the
controversial Bricker amendment
agreed that Manion's dismissal by
the White House will have no effect
on the outcome of the battle.
Manion announced Wednesday
that Presidential Assistant Sherman
Adams requested his resignation as
head of a commission investigating
overlapping state and federal func
tions because of his all-out support
of the Bricker proposal.
