# Four Groups List New Officers
## 
### 
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
I
EL CAPITAN
John Brooke, president; Jim Lar
sen, vice - president; Hal Tennant,
secretary; Frank Clark, treasurer;
and Danny Wagner, guardian of the
jug.
UNION UNITS
Kathy Snyder, president; Robin
La Croix, vice - president; Jane
Thompson, secretary; and Joan Gu
tleben, chairman of Committe of
Eight.
EL TIGRE
Fred Lane, president; Dick Hen
derson, vice-president; Bpn Ham
mett, secretary; Peter Jones, treas
urer; Chuck Basye, athletic chair
man; Doug Warner, alumni chair

man; Dick Fuendeling, rushing
chairman; John Eaton, housing
chairman; Sam Freshman, sergeant
at-arms; and Dan Simundson, busi
ness manager.
THETA DELTA CHI
John Griffiths, president; Hal
Henderson, house manager; Jack
Rannells, rushing chairman; Mike
Trombley, social chairman; John
Scarborough, sergeant-at-arms; Og
Beeman, corresonding secretary;
Larry Wright, athletic chairman;
John Weiser, recording secretary;
and Chuck Piercy, librarian.
