# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
Jack Walton, guard, is the
winner of the Keeble Award
this week as the outstanding
varsity player in the U.S.C.
game.
Jake Brigliam, fullback, re
ceives the Dentyne Gum Com
pany award of a carton of gum
as the outstanding backficld
man in that game. By West re
ceives the Dentyne Gum
award for being the outstand
ing lineman.
Thor Peterson is the winner
of the Dentyne Gum Award as
the outstanding player in the
Frosh-Cal Little Big Game.
