# READING GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
Discussion meeting for the Stan
ford Dames reading group will be
held this afternoon at the home of
Mrs. W. M. Danner, 732 Coronado.
