# Education Majors Entertain Tonight
## 
### 
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
Pi Lambda Theta, women's edu- j
cation honor society and Phi Delta i
Kappa, men's education honor so- !
ciety, will sponsor a social gather
ing in the lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
tonight.
The party will be for all interested
in the field of education besides edu
cation majors. The faculty of the
education department has been es
pecially invited.
