# Freshman Baseball Team Not to Play Saturday
## 
### 
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
Saturday's baseball contest for the
freshmen nine has been called off by
Graduate Manager Belirens. The in
terclass track inert and the big game
with Santa Clara will take all after
noon and as a result small interest
would be taken in a first-year con
test.
