# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
Saturday, March 17, is the date set
for the third half-day trip for the
elementary classes of the Botany de
partment. The group will visit Mr.
Flood's gardens at Menlo Park, and
may go either by bicycle, on foot, or
on the 5:35 train, returning about
11:35.
