# Professor Wildman Speaks at Smoker
## Outlines Departmental Changes to Come With Four Quarter System 
### 
"The work of the manager of busi
ness is a profession," declared John
M. Hager. a graduate of the Stanford
Economics department in 1915, and a
recent graduate of the Harvard Grad
uate School of Business Administra
tion, at the Economics smoker in the
Union, last evening. "The former
opinion that the proper way for a man
to learn business is to grow up in
business no longer prevails. Men are
now beginning to realize that we need
trained men, men who know the prin
ciples of business before they enter
business."
Professor M. S. Wildman, head of
the Economics department, explained
the effect that the four-quarter sys
tem would have on the department.
Economics 1 will be cut to a five-hour
course, to he repeated every quarter,
