# JOHNSON TO ADDRESS VOTERS IN PALO ALTO
## 
### 
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
Governor Hiram Johnson, candidate
on the Progressive ticket for Gover
nor, will address the voters of Stan
ford and Palo Alto tomorrow evening
at the Armory in Palo Alto. Today and
tomorrow the present Governor will
devote his entire time talking to men
and women in Santa Clara county.
Vital state issues will be presented
from the Progressive standpoint of
view. Johnson is scheduled to speak
in Palo Alto at eight o'clock.
