# Staff Tryout
## 
### 
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
The annual competition for positions
on the Daily Palo Alto staff will he
opened on Monday afternoon, when all
aspirants for journalistic laurels are
asked to leave names and addresses at
the campus office. The period for try
outs will include the next six weeks,
approximately, and selection will be
based on the possession of abilities nec
essary for the best interests of the
paper.
There are several vacancies on the
women's staff this semester. Those in
terested may sign up Wednesday after
noon.
