# Chinese Club Elects.
## 
### 
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
Chinese Students' Club met last Wed
nesday and elected Y. S. Chuck, '15,
president, and W. S. Lee, '14, secretary.
