# War Costs Fifty-Fire Million Daily.
## 
### 
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
London, Sept. 4. —French and British
statisticians estimate the daily loss of
war to the countries engaged at fifty
five million dollars. This estimate in
cludes the earning power of the men
engaged, the casualties, and the eco
nomic loss of the destruction of ships
and the hindrance of the world's com
morce, The loss to date is one billion,
eight hundred and seventy million dol
lars.
