# SAN FRANCISCO THEATRES OFFER ATTRACTIVE VARIETY
## 
### 
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
There is a great variety in this
week's offerings at San Francisco
theatres.
"Too Many Cooks," a comedy, is still
pleasing large crowds at the Cort.
Holbrook Blinn and his company
from the Princess Theatre, New York,
are in their fourth successful week at
the Columbia.
Their one-act plays this week are:
"The Kiss in the Dark;" "At the
Switchboard;" "The Hard Man;" "The
Fountain;" "The l?ride," and "Food."
Koll) and Dill hold forth at the Gaie
ty in a tuneful musical comedy, "Peck
O'Pickles."
