# PERSONAL
## 
### 
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
If L. D. K. will be on the third step
of the English corner on Wednesday,
March 31, at 10 o'clock he will have
the opportunity he wishes. Please
wear a red rose for identification.
