# Correction
## 
### 
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
In Thursday's Daily, a quoted
reference to "American Indians"
was mistakenly altered to read
"native Americans." The Daily
regrets the error.
