# San Jose Alumni Busy.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
At a meeting of the San Jose
Stanford Club, held in that city
last evening, plans for the coming
reunion were discussed. It was de
cided to cooperate with the San
Francisco Stanford Club in what
ever arrangements that organiza
tion sees fit to make. In order to
raise funds a committee was ap
pointed to circulate a privato sub
scrintion list.
