# SHC patient-privacy suit looms
## Suit filed against SHC for security breach STUDENT LIFE 
### KATE ABBOTT SENIOR STAFF WRITER 
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
A class action suit has been filed
against Stanford Hospital & Clinics
and a third-party vendor by pa
tients whose personal information
was published on a public website
discovered earlier this month.

A third-party vendor and its
subcontractor with whom the Hos
pital had been working were re
sponsible for posting patients'
names, hospital admittance, exit
dates and other information on a
commercial site, where it remained
for almost one year.

Patients' information from
dates ranging March 1 to Aug. 31,
2009 was posted on a student-run

homework site called Student of
Fortune in September 2010.
"We value the privacy of patient
health information and are com
mitted to protecting it at all times,"
said Diane Meyer, Chief Privacy
Officer at Stanford Flospital &
Clinics in a Hospital press release.
"Our contractors are explicitly re
quired to commit to strong safe
guards to protect the confidentiali
ty of our patients'information. We
have worked extremely hard to
identify all the parties responsi
ble."

After launching an investigation
at the end of August, the Hospital
found Multi-Specialty Collection
Services, LLC (MSCS) and its sub
contractor to be the source of the

leak. MSCS was contracted to pro
vide "business and financial sup
port to the Hospital, and was legal
ly responsible for protecting all pa
tient information needed for its
services." It was determined that no
Hospital employees were involved
with the posting of information.
In a statement released Monday
morning, SHC said it would defend
the lawsuit.

"Stanford Hospital & Clinics
understands that a purported class
action lawsuit was filed against it
and Multi-Specialty Collection Ser
vices, LLC, an outside vendor that
caused some confidential informa
tion about patients who visited
Stanford Hospital's emergency
room to be posted on a website,"

the statement reads. "SI IC intends
to vigorously defend the lawsuit
that has been filed as it acted appro
priately and did not violate the law
as claimed in the lawsuit."

Approximately 20,000 patients
were affected by the security
breach; SHC mailed informational
letters to each in response. The law
suit was filed on behalf of some of
these patients in a Los Angeles
court.

According to SHC Director of
Communications Gary Migdol, the
Hospital was not planning to com
ment further on the matter at this
time.

Contact Kate Abbott at kmabbott@
stanford.edu.
