# DEADLINE
## 
### 
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
The staff of Volume 110 of the
Stanford Daily will publish the
last summer issue on Wednes
day. All organizations are noti
ced that a copy deadline of 5
p.m. Tuesday has been estab
lished.
