# Adv. 14 Page 9
## 
### 
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
two in-depth consultations and
all Word files. Starts at $100
flat fee. Email for appt. avail
ability. Resume.artist@gmail.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rtj3hotog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Full-time/part-time tutor wanted
for reading/writing/math/SAT
$25-$35/ hr or $35,000 salary
