# Pool Popularity Grows.
## 
### 
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
With hot water in the showers, fair
weather, and warm water in the pool,
attendance at the swimming tank has
been growing in big splashes during
the last few days.
