# IOTA SIGMA PI MEETS
## 
### 
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
lota Sigma Pi, women's chemistry
society, will hold its regular meet
ing at noon today upstairs in the
Chemistry Building. Today's meet
ing is the one which was postponed
from last Thursday.
