# TWO AVIATORS RUSH TREATY TO NEW YORK
## 
### 
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Oct. 15. (/Pi—
Lieutenants Irvin W. Wood ring and
William W. Caldwell of the United
States Army left Victoria at 5:45
o'clock this morning for New York
with Japan s ratification of the Lon
don naval treaty. The treaty was
brought here on the Japanese liner
Hikawa Maru. It will be sent to
London in care of Pierre Boal, ad
visor to the American delegates to
(he League of Nations commission
sessions.
