# Y. W. C. A .HOLDS FIRST MEETING
## Large Group Told Local, National Activities 
### 
"Learning the way of give and
take and the method of working
together and gaining new friends is
the most valuable result obtained
from committee work in the
Y.W.C.A.," said Miya Sanno Miya,
editor of a San Francisco Japanese
newspaper, in her speech before a
crowded open meeting of the "Y"
last night.
Miya told how the valuable ex
perience she obtained in the
Y.W.C.A. at California helped her
to manage some 200 farm laborers
for two years and to work later in
an editorial office.
Lily Margaret Sherman, general
secretary of the Y.W.C.A. at Cali
fornia, gave a brief summary of the
work of such an organization on a
campus in relation to its interna
tional connections. She told of the
opportunities of original develop
ment, education in both local and
international fields, and the possi
bilities of cultural expansion.
Lillian Schuck, president, intro
duced Mrs. Ben Allen, executive
secretary on the campus, and the
Cabinet members. Copies of the
publication "Information" were dis
tributed.
