# Iran School Crisis Told
## 
### 
"Ten times our university's ca
pacity of new students apply for
entrance each year," stated Amir
IToushang Tourani, professor of
English at the University of Ta
briz, Iran, who visited here Wed
nesday.
Admission to this and other
Iranian universities is based upon
a competitive examination spon
sored by the government of Iran.
Iranian schools, from elemen
tary to university, are operated on
federal government allocations.
No tuition is charged the relative
ly few entrants to the universi
ties. Thus, expansion demands
constantly face the schools of
Iran today.
Visiting the United States for
three months for the purpose of
"orientation" to American schools,
Tourani is a member of the fac
ulty of the second largest univer
sity in Iran. Tabriz has a coedu
cational enrollment of 2000 stu
dents studying in four schools:
Medicine. Agriculture. Civil Engi
neering and Letters (Literature).
Tourani is also associated with
the U.S. Information Agency of
fice in Tabriz. This office clears
all applicants for Smith -Mundt,
Fulbright and other scholarships
for study in Iran's universities.
