# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
Tallahassee, Fla., was the only
Southern state capital not cap
tured by Federal troops during
the Civil War.
