# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.

MOSQUITO FIGHTERS—U.S. Navy trains its Seabees at Camp Perry, Va., to fight dread
anouheline mosquito, malaria spreader, under South Pacific conditions. Here are Seabees
collecting water specimens. Quinine is only cure for patients.
