# TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
All entrants in the Mixed Doubles |
Tennis Tournament must be signed
up by today with either Coach Elvvyn j
Bugge, or on the bulletin board in j
the women's gym. The tournament, |
formerly announced for Army stu- !
dents only, is now open to all Stan
ford men and women. Play will start
this weekend.
Tennis racquets will be available j
for all soldiers who need them. All i
those interested in the game, skilled
or unskilled, are urged to sign up.
