# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
HOLEPROOF
HOSIERY
4-thread service chiffon
colors to wear with all
your costumes . . . mati
nee, nosegay, new yorker,
sunny sand.
$1.00 a pair
\X/olst,er;s
Masonic Temple Building
