# RIGGS TAKES TITLE
## 
### 
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
MIAMI BEACH, Fla., Feb 9 (UP).
—Bobby Riggs of Los Angeles, sec
ond-ranking American tennis player,
called on cunning and accuracy to
turn back a determined bid for the
Surf Club net title by young Frank
Kovacs of Oakland 2-6. 6-3, 6-4.
6-2. *
