# THETA SIGS ELECT
## 
### 
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
At the bi-weekly meting of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's honorary journ
alism fraternity, held Monday, Mar
jorie Rosenblatt was elected to the
position of secretary, and Sally
Speers to that of keeper of the ar
chives.
