# Bondshu To Play At Toyon Formal
## 
### 
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
Neil Bondshu, who, with his or
chestra, has just, completed an ap
pearance at Del Monte and who in
the past few weeks has been play
ing for private groups in the city,
will play for the Toyon formal next
Friday, Feb. 18.
The dance is to be held in the
lobby of Toyon, where the floor has
been resurfaced and promises to be
one of the best campus floors for
dancing.
