# Deadline Date For Scholarships Set
## 
### 
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
Application for graduate scholar
ships must be filed before April 4
and for undergraduate scholarships
before April 15, according to an
nouncement made by the Registrar's
Office yesterday.
Blanks must be filed with Mrs.
Olivia Byler, scholarship secretary,
at the Registrar's Office. Only stu
dents who have applied for scholar
ships which they are qualified to
receive will be considered by the
scholarship committee.
