# Talk Delayed Till Tomorrow
## Stefansson Unable To Fly From Oregon 
### 
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
Cancellation of today's scheduled
assembly, because yesterday's storm
delayed Speaker Vilhjalmur Stef
ansson, was announced late last
night.
"It has been necessary to cancel
the University assembly called for
10 o'clock this morning," said Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, chairman
of the Committe on Public Exer
cises.
Storm Is Blamed
"Because of the severe storm
along the Coast Mr. Stefansson was
not able to fly from Oregon, as his
heavy schedule made necessary. An
assembly to hear Mr.' Stefansson
now is called for 11 o'clock tomor
row morning," said Professor Rob
inson.
Until late Tuesday evening, Mr.
Stefansson still hoped to fly to Cali
fornia, and advised Professor Rob
inson over long-distance telephone
that he would confirm his plans yes
terday afternoon. However, wires
were down yesterday, and it was im
possible for him to contact Stanford
either by telephone or telegraph un
til evening.
Planes Grounded
At the latter time, Professor Rob
inson talked with Mr. Stefansson and
found that all planes were grounded
and that he would not be able to
reach Stanford for the scheduled
assembly.
In his talk at 11 o'clock tomorrow
morning, Mr. Stefansson will speak
on "Transpolar Commerce by Air."
