# WAACS To Open Louisiana Center
## 
### 
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
Plans for the opening of a fifth
WAAC training center have been
announced by the War Department.
The new center will have head
quarters and one section at Ruston,
La. The other two sections will be
located at Camp Polk. La., and Mon
ticello. Ark.
