# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.

IN THE NAVY—Lieut. Charley Gehringer, former Detroit
second baseman; Coach Bill Edwards of Detroit Lions and
Lieut. Jesse Mortensen, javelin champ, gang up at Navy pre
flight school. St. Mary's College, Cal.
