# Junior Dance Heads To Discuss Plans Today
## 
### 
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Committee heads for the junior
dance, scheduled for the first
week of next quarter, will meet
in conjunction with Junior Ex
com tonight at 8:45 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
