# PAULSEN UPSETS CUNHA
## 
### 
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
Smashing her way to a 6-3, 6-4
victory over Irma Cunha, Ann Paul
sen took the cup in the Women's
Singles of the All-University Tennis
Tournament yesterday afternoon.
Every point was closely contested,
but Miss Paulsen's strong backhand
and greater endurance plus the
height advantage she had over Miss
Cunha won the match.
