# STANFORD RECEIVES RECOGNITION IN EAST IN SPORTING CIRCLES
## 
### 
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
Eastern recognition of the suprem
acy of the State of California, and
particularly Stanford [University, in
the athletic field it featured in an ar
ticle recently published by Grantland
Rice, the great national sport writer,
in his "Sportlight." of the New York
Tribune. Facts and figures gathered
by William A. Lange. the famous Chi-'
cago centerfielder, and J. B. Rice, a
California sportsman, prove conclu
sively that the Golden State, and es
pecially Stanford, has led the country
in the production of famous athletes.
Some of the facts advanced in the,
Tribune to prove this follow: "This
year's rating on sports gives California
the first two sprinters—Charlie Pad-i
dock of U. S. C., and Morris Kirksey.i
of Stanford University, number two; j
Merchantson, of New York, number j
three; and Schultz, of Missouri, num
ber four.
"The two greatest high junipers that j
ever lived, and world's record hold- j
ers, are George Horine of Stanford, i
and Eddie Beeson of U. C., both liav-1
ing official relords of over six feet
seven inches.
