# Thirty Seats Available In Quantitative Laboratory
## 
### 
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
Students intending to take Qualita
tive Analysis in the autumn quarter
are advised that there are only thirty
working places available in the quali
tative laboratory.
Desks reserved this spring quarter
for work in the fall will be held
through the day on which instruction
begins and no longer. Those unable to
secure desks for the autumn quarter
may take the work in either the win
ter or spring quarter of 1928.
