# Mural Gridmen Begin Practice
## 
### 
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
Intramural grid teams teed off on
the new season yesterday with im
promptu practice sessions on front
lawns and vacant lots.
The Firehouse boys have gotten
the jump on the rest of the field
with several days of pre-reg prac
tice. Monte Pfyl sent his boys
through signal drill and blocking
routine yesterday on the new Dugan
Field.
Highly-touted Delta Chi held a
workout with Don Selby at the helm
and the Alpha Delts tore up their
front lawn with an afternoon scrim
mage.
Favored for their third straight
crown, the Firehouse should really
be counted on for some fine play. A
new variation of the Pfyl system is
being kept under cover but it's no
secret that the Blaze Chasers have
four veterans returning, experienced
men who have had more than a taste
of victory.
Zeta Psi will offer the biggest op
position this season with an impres
sive list of name players including
Bob Greening and Ace Hanlon.
