# Season's First Rally To Be Held Thursday
## 
### 
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
Opening the 1041 football season
with a bany, Stanford will have its
first rally Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
the pavilion. Talks by the coaches
and a short dramatic skit are tenta
tively promised by Rally Committee
members. Freshmen, in particular,
are asked to make the first rally a
bit; one by attending in full force.
