# F.R. Moves To Protect U.S. Shipping
## Will Ask Neutrality Law Revision; Finns Get British Warning 
### 
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21! (UP).—
President Roosevelt said today that
America probably is heading toward
arming of its merchant ships for
their protection on the high seas, a
move that will necessitate congres
sional modification or repeal of the
neutrality law.
Leaving no doubt that he is pre
paring to ask Congress to revise or
repeal the Neutrality Law, the Pres
ident revealed that a decision on
the matter would be made next week.
He could not say whether he would
ask piecemeal modification or out
right repeal.
Mr. Roosevelt hinted that if Con
gress rejected his request he would
go ahead and authorize arming of
ships. In this connection, he re
called that in 1917 when the armed
merchantman act was blocked by a
Senate filibuster, President Wilson
went ahead and armed the ships on
the grounds he had the power to do
so.
The President's remarks aroused
instantaneous opposition among
congressional non - interventionists.
Sen. D. Worth Clark, D., Ida., said
Mr. Roosevelt would have "the
toughest fight in Congress he ever
had." Sen. Charles Tobey, R., N.H.,
saw arming of merchantmen as "an
other step in the pattern leading
toward war."
Sen. James Murary, D., Mont.,
consistent supporter of adminis
tration foreign policy, said he did
not know whether "it would be a
successful method," and wanted en
dorsement "from naval and military
experts."
"If the naval experts recommend
this step, it will go a long way
toward putting such a measure
through Congress," he said.
