# Farm Symphony Schedules Concert
## 
### 
Under the direction of Ferenc
Molnar the Stanford Symphony Or
chestra is continuing its previous
successful work and is offering an
opportunity to every instrumental
ist to gain experience in ensemble
and participate in concerts. Decem
ber 3 is the date set for the first
concert in the Memorial Hall.
Initial program of the year will
feature Bizet's Arlesienne Suite II;
Beethoven's Triple Concerto for
violin, 'cello, and piano played by
Ferenc Molnar, Betty Barbour, and
Carl Fuerstner, who form the Stan
ford University Trio; Liszt's Rakoczy
March.
First assembly will take place
Thursday at 7:15 p.m. in Room 84.
Regular rehearsals will be held in
the lecture room of the Art Gallery
as soon as the 50th Anniversary
Committee finishes its work there.
For information and tryout aid see
Mr. Molnar Tuesdays and Thursdays
from 11 to 12 and this Thursday at
7:15 in Room 84.
