# Ram's Head Calls Business Tryouts
## 
### 
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
Dramatic Manager Bill Moran,
representing the business depart
ment of Ram's Head, again calls for
tryoutees to join his stall for the
coming season.
The work offered includes pub
licity, typing, and the mimeograph
ing of production scrips. The ap
plicants will also lind more than oc
casional work to do in the theater
itself. All students are invited to
sign up, but sophomores and jun
iors are particularly wanted. Ap
prentices have the opportunity of
making $225 a year as manager if he
or she merits the annual June ap
pointment.
Bill Moran is in his oftice from 1
to 3 p.m.
BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 23 (UP).
Military measures were adopted in
several parts of Argentina late to
day to assure "tranquillity and calm
in the country," Acting President
Ramon S. Castillo said tonight.
