# Italian Basso Featured In 'Don Giovonni' Opera
## 
### 
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
An international cast has been
gathered for the San Francisco
Opera's production of Mozart's
"Don Giovanni" which opened
November 9 with repeat per
formances scheduled for Novem
ber 12, 17, 20, and 23.
Italian basso Cesare Siepi will
sing the role of the Don, a por
trayal for which he is famous.
Returning to San Francisco to
sing the part of Donna Anna is

Spanish soprano Enriqueta Tar
res.
Making their American debuts
are Polish soprano Teresa-Zylis-
Gara and tenor William Holley.
Miss Zylis-Gara has sung her
role of Donna Elvira throughout
Europe and will sing it for her
Metropolitan Opera debut in De
cember. After several years in
Germany, Mr. Holley is being
brought to the United States to
sing Don Ottavio.
