# Debate Squad Enjoys Successful Weekend
## 
### 
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
Stanford debaters extended
their winning streak last week
end as they captured four of the
five top awards in the five-state
tournament held at Stanford,
and the third place trophy at
the major national invitational
tournament held in Emporia,
Kansas.
Stuart Baskin and Tom Good
hue, first-year debaters, were
the second ranked team after
preliminary rounds at the Kan
sas meet which included 110 top
teams from 23 states. Goodhue
and Baskin defeated Ohio State
in the octa-finals, Dartmouth in
the quarterfinals, and lost to a
strong University of Houston
team in the semifinals. Dr. Ken
neth Mosier, Stanford Director
of Forensics, noted that the
Houston team "is generally
ranked as one of the top three
teams in the nation this year,
so we are certainly pleased with
the record of Goodhue and Bas
kin in the second college debate
tournament of their careers."

Four Stanford teams received
elimination-round berths in the
two-division Pacific Forensic
League tournament held at
Stanford and Foothill College.
Only one other school was able
to qualify as many teams for the
final rounds.
