# WOMEN SOLDIERS
## 
### 
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
SMYRNA. Turkey, Feb. 3 tfP).—|
Mustapha Kemal is for women sol- j
diers. He said at a girls' normal ;
school: "In ancient times women j
fought shoulder to shoulder with i
men. Modern society presents no j
fundamental obstacle to women be- .
coming soldiers." |
