# TARGHETTA NAMED FOR HEAVYWEIGHT NEVADA U. BATTLE
## 
### 
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
Paul "Red" Targhetta, sophomore,
will represent Stanford in the
heavyweight division when the In
dian varsity boxers take on Nevada
in the Pavilion tomorrow night,
Harry Maloney, head coach, an
nounced yesterday.
Targhetta proved himself a tough
man and a plenty game one in his
semi-final bout with Ben Palamoun
tain in the University championship
tourney last week. Although over
shadowed in height, reach, and ring
experience, Targhetta never quit
boring in throughout the fight, land
ing hammer-like body punches
whenever he penetrated his oppon
ent's long-armed defense.
The Nevada boxers, according to
word received by Maloney, will be
Cliff Devine, feather; Thomp
son, bantam; Joe Horton or Elmer
Hawkins, lightweight; Robert Harris
or Harry Whitehead, welter;, Cecil
Stowell or Ken Austin, middle;
Waily Rusk or Bernard York, light
heavy; and A 1 Theis, heavyweight.
