# Late Leave Poll Canceled; House Discussions Set
## 
### 
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
AWS Cabinet decided yesterday
afternoon that the poll on late
leaves would not be taken as an
nounced in The Daily yesterday.
AWS members fe't that discus
sions in house meetings concerning
the pros ani coirs of the plan would
be more beneficial than the pres
entation of a questionnaire. Vot
ing will take place on the plan af
ter these discussions, which are
scheduled for next' Monday's house
meetings. Women will vote on the
social regulations plan within the
two weeks following the house dis
cussions.
AWS delegates to the mock YW
CA convention on Friday afternoon
and Saturday morning were ap
pointed. Ann Lomen is captain.
Other delegates include Cheit Rob
bins, Nak Keeny. Fran Beckwith,
Nel.e Phillips, Jody Johnson, Mari
lyn Roth, Jo Lyon, and Diane Por
iei.
