# Engineering Society Takes Niles Canyon Field Trip
## 
### 
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
Fifteen members of the Civil Engineer
ing Society, including Professor C. D.
Marx, of the Civil Engineering depart
ment and Professor C. B. Wing, pro
fessor of structural engineering, in
spected the diversion dam in Niles can
yon, various railroad bridges in the
vicinity and the Caliveras dam which
failed in 1918, on a held trip Saturday.
