# Vanity of "Rough" and "Co-Ed" Is Debate Topic
## 
### 
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
"Resolved, That the campus rough is |
more vain than the campus co-ed," will I
be the subject for a comic debate between
Nestoria freshmen and Freshman
Franglers at a joint meeting of the so
cieties Thursday evening at 7 :30 in Room
12 of the Law building. The men will
uphold the negative and the women the
affirmative. Five freshmen from each
group will participate in a spelling bee
after the debate.
The joint meeting is the resul'. of a
challenge issued by the freshmen of
Wranglers to Nestoria *reshmen for a
spelling bee.
