# THIRD PENINSULA DAILY IS NOW IN CIRCULATION
## 
### 
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
This morning the number of Penin
sula daily papers was increased from
two to three when the first issue of
the Redwood City Tribune was put on
sale.
Sam. H. YVinklebeck, ex-'23, is busi
ness manager for the Redwood City
Tribune, John G. Robinson is the edi
tor, and George F. Morell i3 pub
lisher.
Winklebeck has had previous ex
perience in newspaper work in Mo
desto, which was formerly his home.
He was on the staff of the Modesto
Herald and was editor and manager
of the development section of the Mo
desto News.
The Associated Press franchise for
this territory has been granted the
new paper.
