# Masquers' Society to Give Play January Twentieth
## 
### 
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
Masquers Society held a business
meeting Thursday afternoon to discuss
and decide upon a play to be given Jan
uary 20. Tryouts will be held three
weeks from now and the play will be
definitely chosen at the meeting next
week. The first of the series of open
meetings previously announced will prob
ably be postponed.
