# RUTTER, RETICKER WIN HANDBALL TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
C. D. Rutter and R. W. Rettlcker of
Delta Chi hold the title of handball
doubles champions of the University,
by virtue of their victory over San
sone and Cohen, in the final match for
the doubles championship. The Delta
Chi pair defeated their rivals in two
straight games.
Play in the singles tournament has
progressed slowly in the past week.
Maier earned the right to compete in
the semi-finals when he disposed of
Horner, 21 to 10, and 21 to 12. Two
more matches remain to be played in
the third round. Blacker is to meet
Wohlberg, and Retticker is to play
Badham. If there are no up-sets, Ret
ticker and Maier will clash in the
fight for the championship, and some
good handball ought to be exhibited.
C. S. Botsford, director of intramural
sports, will start another doubles tour
nament immediately, and as soon as
the singles contests are decided, he
will open the entry list for another
singles tourney.
