# California Limits Expenditures.
## 
### 
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
On account of the fact that Cali
fornia ran in debt during the Rugby
season last fall, the various sports
have been allotted a fixed sum each
for expenses, and will not be al
lowed to exceed this. Baseball Is
granted $850, track $1050, and
boating $400.
