# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
©tii $S| Paris
RCA VICTOR
presents
FREDDY MARTIN S
BUMBLE - BOOGIE
NOW and FOREVER
52c
Here this extremely popular new
recording < 20-1 829 • and other
rccent hit tunes in our new Rec
ord Department, on the Mezza
nine, CTarrcll Street Building.
