# Living Groups to Give Toys, Money to Drive
## 
### 
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
Vice-presidents of women's living
groups will collect 25 cents from
each woman to buy toys for the
kiddies at the Con Home, according
to Betsy Brown, collection commit
tee chairman.
They will buy the toys which will
be picked up at Union, Branner,
Roble, and Lagunita Monday or
Tuesday.
