# Uclans
## 
### 

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.

CRAIG DIXON, classy Uclan hurdler, who will provide plenty of
competition for the Indians tomorrow with his 11.7 in the 120-yard high
hurdles and 23.5 in the 220-yard low.
