# Gift to the Museum.
## 
### 
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
Mr. Charles G. Lathrop has
recently presented a beautiful oil
painting, "Bridal Veil Falls, Colo
rado River," to the Museum. The
painting is the work of C. T. Wil
son, and was done in 1886.
On a canvas 9x12 feet the artist
shows a band of Apaches gathered
together in a grassy valley for a
war dance. Nearby flows the Colo
rado river on, which an incoming
canoe is bearing some tardy war
riors. Across the river falls are
seen plunging down the baro brown
mountain.
