# Dance Enthusiasts Will Meet Today
## 
### 
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
All students interested in taking
part in a class in dance funda
mentals this quarter without aca
demic credit are asked to meet in
Room 125 of Memorial Hall today,
when a meeting time for the group
will be arranged.
This class, organized by the Divi
sion of Speech and Drama, is to be
taught by Ralph L. Schram. Work
will be carried on in conjunction
with the regular courses in acting
and directing.
