# GUNS IN PEACEFUL WATERS
## 
### 

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.

THE BRITISH MOTORSHIP Pacific President arrived in Los Angeles
harbor with guns mounted on her afterdeck. According to rumor, the
vessel had a near "brush" with a submarine in the Caribbean Sea.
She also carried one four-inch gun and one anti-aircraft rifle.
