# Thornhill to Speak At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
Tiny Thornhill, Card grid coach,
will speak at Wednesday's meeting
of Luncheon Club, according to Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, Stanford chap
lain and adviser.
The subject of Coach Thornhill's
talk will not be announced until
tomorrow.
