# Twaddell to Talk On German Epic
## 
### 
"A Masterpiece of Early German
Narrative: the Hildebrandslied,"
will be the topic of a discussion this
afternoon by William F. Twaddell,
acting professor of German. The
lecture will be held in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse at
4:15.
Hildebrandslied (the Lay of Hil
debrand) is the oldest story in the
German language, written down in
the eighth century, and according to
Professor Twaddell was probably
conceived for recitation at a war
rior's banquet.
The story is told almost entirely in
the form of dialogue. The main char
acters are Goths, and Hildebrand is
(ho chief armorer of Theoderic the
Great. The theme of the narrative is
the encounter of father and son,
after a long separation, as enemies.
