# Campus Registrants Total 462â€”Cowdery
## 
### 
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
Four hundred and sixty-two
Stanford males signed up in the
fifth national registration yester
day, according to Dr. Karl Cow
dery, assistant registrar, who was
in charge of the local activities,
late last night after all returns
were in.
