# Goal of $1,000 Set for Stamp Drive Today
## First Week's Sales Beat Spring Quarter Receipts by $300 
### 
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The war stamp committee, now
operating under the War Funds di
vision of the newly created Stanford
War Board, has established a goal of
$1,000 for today's sales.
Last week, with only half as large
an enrollment as in spring, Stanford
students bought $805 in stamps. The
first week's total for Spring Quarter
was only $500.
PLACES OF SALE
Stamps will be sold on the English
Corner, the Engineering Corner, and
the Library until 2 p.m. They will
be on sale in the Union Cellar until
10 p.m.
Several representatives will be in
women's living groups and in men's
halls in the evening to sell stamps.
Although representatives will not
i-each each fraternity house, frater
nity men will be contacted at eating
tables.
HAWAIIAN MESSAGE
The Stanford War Board recently
received an outline of the Univer
sity of Hawaii's war stamp campaign,
containing a message to Hawaiian
students from A.S.U.H. President
Harold Wright. An excerpt from this
message said, "We greet you under
the dark and sinister clouds of war.
Many of us have interrupted our
studies to do our part toward win
ning the war. In all forms of war
work we find college students as ac
tive participants.
"Those of us still in college en
joying the rights and privileges of
an education can do our small part
for victory. By investing our money
in War Bonds, we can financially
help our government. This patriotic
act will have far-reaching effects,"
concluded Wright, who is now a sec
ond lieutenant in the United States
Army.
