# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For the first time in the history of
football in tbe college, tbe Harvard
football team played recently in
enclosed grounds. JI irvard lias put
off going behind fences for practice
as long as possib'e, but finds her
self forced to by Yale's having djne
the same for three years. Tbo stu
dents as a whole, while recogniz'ng
the necessities of the case, are very
much dissatisfied with this curtailing
of the football season. It is an
nounced that whenever possible the
down will come from the Soldier's
Field and praciice on Jarvis Field,
the unenclosed grounds. Special
attention from now on will be de
\ oted to practising the football tricks
devised by Mr. Deland and most
scientifically tested and studied out.
Some of these tricks, which will be
shown to the football world for the
first time at Springfield in tbo Yale
game, are said to be wonders of inge
nuity and effectiveness. It is an
open secret that the captain and
coaches have been more than pleased
with some of them, while others have
been rejected as Leiug too difficult
and troublesome. It is safe to spy
Yule will be called upon to resist at
tacks which will demand the quickest
possible brain wuik on tbo pint of
Cap!. McUormick.â€”New York Even
ing Post.
