# Undergraduates of Chicago University to Take Exercise Under Prof. Stagg.
## 
### 
Prof. Alonzo A. Stagg Las organ
ized all the malo members of the
undergraduate department into foot
ball teams which meet on the cam
pus three times each week and prac
tice for thirty minutes. Regular
hours are assigned each team. There
is a ioil call taken for each team
and an account kept of absences
which count the same as absences
from other recitations. Those who
cannot practice must confer with
Prof. Stagg. l'.y this means all the
men become interested in football,
and it leads to obtaining the best
material in the university for tht'
eleven. It is claimcd that this sort
of compulsory exercise beats mili
tary drill for popularity.â€”Daily
Cardinal.
