# Adv. 17 Page 5
## 
### 
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
The l ;
Collegiate
PHONE 234-M
161 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ICE CREAM
CANDIES
SANDWICHES
AND
OUR SPECIALTY
BREAKFASTS
V
HENRY PETERSON *
and JACK QUEEN
L
HackeFs Coffee Shop
On the Circle
Plate dinner with steak specials.
Virginia baked bain with catxlied sweet
potatoes, toast and 3 decker sandwiches,
milk shakes.
Breakfast—Lunch—Dinner
Snappy Service. t
