# CLASS FOOTBALL TO BE FIRST EVENT OF TROPHY COMPETITION
## 
### 
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
With the opening of the interclass
football season this week the annual
interclass sports race is under way.
The interclass basketball season
which is to start the week following
the Big Game will complete the activi
ties for this quarter. Swimming, track,
and baseball contests will be held
during the winter quarter, while soc
cer and tennis will close the season
at the end of the spring quarter.
The scoring will be in the following
manner: first place will net five
points; second place, three points;
third place, two points; and fourth
place, one point. At the end of the
season, the class having the highest
total score will win the thirty-inch
perpetual trophy which was purchased
by the Board of Athletic Control and
the four classes at Stanford during
the year of 1922.
This trophy is the largest cup in
Stanford's possession. It is inscribed
with figures representing the various
sports for supremacy in which it is
presented. Senior classes have won
this cup four times and junior classes
only once.
