# THIRTEEN ENTRIES IN FOR INTRAMURAL RUN
## 
### 
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
Thirteen clubs and fraternities have
already entered teams in the intra
mural croKS-country run to be held on
the morning of the Santa Clara game
on November 12.
