# Queen of the Twisting Tracks to Celebrate Eighteenth Birthday
## 
### 
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
Blacklisted, shunned, jeered at, and
an outcast from society, yet forced to
carry on in face of all opposition—
such is the fate of our local Stanford
Trolley, our own Toonerville, which
will celebrate its eighteenth birthday
next month.
This denounced creature has proved
a "friend indeed" many a time to the
harassed student who has arrived
puffing at the Bookstore Station with
a very limited time to make a date.
Always on hand it stands ready to
forgive (for six cents) all of those
who have maliciously poked fun at its
creaking sides and shambling motion.
Off with your hats, boys! What
would the old Farm be without this
feature careening up its bumpy rails?
All hail Toonerville, the one lasting
tradition 011 the Stanford campus.
