# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
Illogical as it may seem, the drink
ing of Scotch is a sure sign of ex
travagance.
