# TOYON PLANS SMOKER FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
Announcement of plans for a Toyon
Club smoker for freshmen on next
Wednesday evening and of further ar
rangements for the football informal
dance on November 4, constituted the
principle business at a meeting of
Toyon Club last evening.
