# LA 						BARBA INSTRUCTS LARGE BOXING CLASS AS AID TO MALONEY
## 
### 
Harry Maloney, boxing coach, an
nounced yesterday that the* ninety men
enrolled for boxing comprise the largest
boxing class ever held at Stanford for
the fall quarter.
This number is composed entirely of
upper classmen. Although many freshmen
have wished to transfer to boxing from
the Physical Education Course I, it has
been decided not to admit them for the
present.
Fidel La Barba, world's featherweight
champion, has consented to assist Ma
loney with the varsity men during the
school year.
Due to the fact that Maloney is now
busy with the freshman and varsity soc
cer squads, the varsity boxing men will
report to La Barba in the boxing gal
lery. After the soccer season, La Barba
will assist Maloney with the varsity
squad.
Beginners in the class are being trained
in the gentle art of pugilism by Miron
Schall, Maloney's regular assistant.
