# Plans Under Way For 'Les Etoiles,' Lag Semi-Formal
## 
### 
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
Starlight, melody, music and
dancing will be the program for
the Lagunita Summer Semi-For
mal, "Les Etoiles," to be held
Saturday, August 3, from 9 p.m.
until midnight at Lagunita Court.
Music will be by Jack Fisher and
his band.
Dance Chairman Jean Woycie
howsky predicts this dance will
be one of the highlights of the
summer quarter. Attendance will
be limited to 200 couples. Tick
ets are $1.50 and are on sale at
the A.S.S.U. Office, Lagunita
Court, women's residence, and
Wilbur Hall, men's residence.
Working with Jean on "Les
Etoiles" ("the stars" in French)
are Clara Morf, decoration com
mittee chairman; Robin Nicols,
band committee chairman; Mari
lyn Wilson, ticket committee
chairman, and Sharon Johnston,
publicity committee chairman.
