# Doctor L. Wolman Is Final Speaker Of Biz Conference
## 
### 
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
"Human Relations and Labor
Policy" will be the topic of the
third speech of the Stanford Busi
ness Conference which is being
held July 22-24. Speaking will be
Dr. Leo Wolman, director of the
National Bureau of Economic Re
search. The speech will start at
9:00 a.m., today.
The two previous speakers were
John L. McCaffrey of the Inter
national Harvester Company who
spoke on "Statesmanship in Man
agement" and Dr. Robert C.
Swain, vice-president of Ameri
can Cyanamid Company who
talked on "Frontiers of Indus
trial Research."
The 1957 Stanford Business Con
ferences will employ a new for
mat, condensing the meetings into
three days instead of five. Morn
ing speakers will be followed by
afternoon panel discussions of
specific problems facing business
men today.
"New Challenges to Manage
ment" is the conference theme,
with emphasis on financing, in
dustrial research, and human re
lations. The program features 28
leading national and Pacific Coast
executives, economists, and edu
cators.
Registration for the conference
is being handled by Graduate
School of Business, Stanford Uni
versity.
