# The Coming' Opera.
## 
### 
Now that the li lee and Mandolin
Clubs have returned from their
southern trip active rehearsals will
be the order of the day until the
10th. The management hits se
cured all the best costumes and
equipment necessary for the pro
duction of the grand opera, and
neither effort nor cost have I een
spared to make this the greatest
performance in this line ever given
at Stanford. With all of the Stan
lord talent which the management
has enlisted there is no reason why
the grand opera should not be
treated with ail the finish of pro
fessional artists.
('has. K. Field has been secured
for several specialties, and there
will be many new songs introduced
which were given in Sinbad. There
will be new specialists for the
second night. Seats for the per
formance will be on sale tomorrow.
