# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
StudgfitsJAi
Stamp Fores
25
FOR
25c
& FOSiriON* -3e
Wo liuve been fort\i
nutc in enKUKlug t o
Stamp Artist, Mr. J. C.
LAMii, la Us of the
Hitusslcr Studio. Ssin
.lose, who will In: hero
Put u short tiuie, uud
wo uiyo our friends mid
patrons o take Mivnn
tiiKe of i hi- offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
