# Bio Seminar Slated Today
## 
### 
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
Dr. Edgar Anderson, visiting pro
fessor, will conduct a seminar on
"How to Measure Species Differ
ences" today at. 4:15 p.m. in Room
430, Jordan Hall. Dr. Anderson is
assistant director of the Missouri
Botanical Garden. Students, fac
ulty, and visitors are welcome.
Homer Steiny, president of the
Pacific section, American Associa
tion of Petroleum Geologists, and
Foster Hewett of the U.S. Geologi
cal Survey will address the School
of Mineral Sciences Journal Club
at 7:30 this evening. Hewett will
lecture on "Progress in the Study
of the Mojave Desert Region," and
Steiny will speak on "My Thirty
Years in Geology." The meeting
will take place in Room 320, Geol
ogy Building. Students, faculty, and
visitors are welcome.
