# Seizure Is 'Duty'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
WASHINGTON — President Tru- j
man said today he had a legal I
"duty" to seize the steel industry !
to head off a threatened strike and 1
asserted that "the constitution does
not require me to endanger our na
tional security."
His assertion came as House Rc- j
publicans planned to meet tomor- j
row to decide what Congress should |
do about administration claims that
Mr. Truman ha 3 unlimited emer- '
gency powers. They also may dis- j
cuss "impeachment."
Mr. Truman noted indirectly that!
federal Judge David A. Pine will \
rule soon, possibly tomorrow, on the i
steel industry's request for a tcm- i
porary injunction against his seiz- j
ure order. The industry also has I
asked Pine to bar a government-die- J
tated raise for the CIO United
Steelworkers' Union if their injunc
tion request requires further study.
