# Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
Tickets are now on sale for the
Toyon Spring Formal, "A Night in
Paris," Saturday. Jimmy Blass will
provide the music for the affair,
which will get under way at 9 and
last until 1.
The ASSU office and Toyon wing
representatives are handling the
tickets, which sell for $2.60.
