# GEORGE COBB
## 
### 

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.

President of the Interfraternity
Council, George Cobb, was pleased
tonight at the manner in which the
rushing was conducted this year.
