# Baseball Game Saturday.
## 
### 
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
The baseball game next Saturday
between the Varsity and the Fire
man's Fund team of San Francisco
promises to be a very interesting
one. The visitors have an excellent
reputation as ball players, which
they earned last season, and judg
ing from the personnel the team
will be as good or better than it
was last year. The game will give
a good opportunity to form an esti
mate of what material we have this
year, as not only the old Varsity
players will appear, but the prom
ising new men will be given a
chance. The men are in very good
shape for so enrly in the season,
thanks to Dr. Murphy, and may be
expected to play good ball. Lana
gan and Strohn will be Stanford's
battery.
The management will be able to
announce the schedules of the
games with Santa Clara College and
of the class games in a few days.
There are quite a number of new
men on the field and nearly all
make a good showing. These to
gether with several good old men
will probably make the competition
for the Varsity very keen. The
weakest point in the new material
is that of pitcher, as very little
good material has appeared for that
position. All men who have any
pitching ability are urged to come
out.
