# College Fellowship.
## 
### 
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae has decided to devote five
hundred dollars every year toward
paying the expenses of some college
woman who wishes to carry on her
studies in foreign countries. The
applicant for this fellowship must
he a graduate of some college he
longing to the association, and ap
plications for the coming year
must he handed in before Feb. 1,
1900. A competitive examination
will not be held, and in applying
the student must present as clearly
as possible her claim to the fellow
ship. Those desiring further in
formation can apply to Miss Bessie
Helmer, 1428 Michigan avenue,
Chicago.
