# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is the intention to close the
doors of Assembly Hall tomorrow
night promptly at the beginning
of the first number. The reasons
are obvious. It is not perfectly
clear just why the campus resi
dents persist in tardy arrivals, but
judging from instances so far this
semester these dilatory tactics bid
fair to become chronic unless per
emptorily stopped by the use of
forcible measures. Reasonable tar
diness when in no undue quantity
is always excusable, but no just
limit seems possible of attainment.
To shut off the excessive annoyance
to both audience and performers
those in charge of tomorrow's en
tertainment will start a good prece
dent by closing the doors at the
beginning of the performance.
