# Indian Faces
## 
### 

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.

DON'T BE frightened, children.
It's only a couple of those Stan
ford Indians giving; the U.C.L.A.
Bruins an idea of what they'll be
seeing next Saturday at Los An
gcles. Bruno Banducci, top. and
Doug Stahle are expected to see
action in the Uclan tilt.
