# Alumni Elect kern To B.A.C. Position
## 
### 
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
The Executive Board of the Stan
ford Alumni Association met last
Saturday morning and elected Eu
gene Kern to succeed Wesley How
ell as one of the three alumni on
the Board of Athletic Control.
Mr. Kern, Class of '13, will hold
the position for a term of three
years. The other two alumni on
the B.A.C. are Judge L. B. Wein
mann and Walter Ames. Mr. How
ell, who resigned recently, was
chairman of the board.
