# Absentee Ballots Remain Available
## 
### 
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
Absentee ballot forms are still
available at the A.S.S.U. office for
those students registered outside of
Palo Alto who can apply for and
receive a ballot from their county
clerk before the October 31 dead
line.
The process of applying for ab
sentee ballot privileges consists of
sending an application to the county
clerk of the district in which the
applicant is registered. The home
clerk then transfers the ballot to
the local county clerk.
