# Internationalites To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
A special Hallowe'en party will
be given this evening by the Stan
ford International Students Club
at the home of Mrs. E. J. Thomas,
365 Lincoln Avenue, Palo Alto.
Members and guests will meet as
usual in the Nitery at 7:30 o'clock
and transportation will be provided.
With this party, the club gets un
der way with its 1940-41 program.
Formed last year under the spon
sorship of the A.S.S.U. International
Committee, it now has about 50
members.
Although the club is especially for
those students who come from for
eign countries, American students or
faculty members who are interested
in meeting and working with foreign
students are invited to join, ac
cording to President Dick Hornidge.
