# FARM PRODUCTS
## 
### 
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
BEAUTY SLEEP
It is an axiom of psychologists,
philosophers, and others who inves
tigate the sweet mysteries of Life, j
Liberty, and Colliers that the press
reflects the public. The Stanford '
Summer Daily, to mix a metaphor, j
is the broadcast of the glorious 1
symphony that is the Stanford Sum- i
mer Session.
Following last week's excursions
into realms of type-metal, some of
the brethren in Phi Phi Phui, hon
orary fraternity of grouchers, have
complained that the Daily lacks a
few of those elements which have
engraved the names of Casanova,
Cellini, and Lady Chatterly's boy
friend on the heart of America.
Specifically, their sorrow is that
there's no news. This situation is
very much the same as if the Sleep
ing Beauty complained because she
was not written up as a "prominent
socialite." The comment should
read, "There are no campus activ
ities."
* * *
lii its role of Farm mirror, the
Daily reports all happenings about
our little flood plain with the pos
sible exception of activities in the
cactus garden and on the roads
around the lake. If the Daily is
dull, it means that campus life is
dull.
It is a curious phenomenon of
college life that summer is the time
for hibernation for those allied spe
cies, student and professor. Teach
ers who can chivvy a sabbatical out
of dear alma mater make for for
eign parts to add another tint to
the rainbow glory of their academic
hoods. Those who remain pitch in
to revising one of their texts, with
an eye to the new car they want in
the fall.
* * * *
Summer students drowse on the
edge of the swimming pool, or on
the libe steps. The shouting and the
tumult of the regular year are fog
gy memories.
As in the cynics' picture of heav
en, there is nothing to do but sit
around and think about what a good
time you are having.
As a matter of fact, this situation
is not too far from ideal. Popular
songs to the contrary, a bit of a lull
in one's life is thoroughly desirable.
But it seems that we could put con
siderably more stress on extra-cur

ricular activities without embarking
on any giddy whirl of over-exertion.
* * *
During the regular school year,
every issue was followed by an
guished howls from some neglected
club. Summer quarter, all clubs
have vanished from the campus like
co-eds with too many lockouts. One
or two activities would hardly put
too much strain on us, but clubs are
as rare as smiles from a registrar.
And while the highlights of the
history of the past three quarters
were those mob - scenes - set - to
music we called dances, today there
is never more than one jolly-up be
tween us and that horrible state
wherein "we ain't got rhythm."
Surely, we could give a small prom
without exhausting the endowment
fund or undermining our constitu
tions.
Of course, a peaceful life, equally
divided between the library and the
swimming pool, has all the disin
guishing characteristics of a first
rate Utopia. But it is hardly a sub
ject for two-inch headlines. If Stan
ford wants news, it will have to get
out and make it.
—John Cobbs
