# Program Change Near Dead-line
## 
### 
Thursday, July 1, is the last
day students may change their
study lists for this quarter
without fine. After Thursday
all program revisions must be
made by petition to the Regis
tration Committee, subject to
the following fines: $2 for each
course added or dropped, or $3
where one course is substituted
for another.
All program changes made
since registration should be
filed at the Registrar's office on
the regular revised study-list
cards. Students are held re
sponsible for courses and units
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of
regisfration, and no credit is
given for courses which do not
appear thereon. This applies to
Physical Education as well as
academic subjects.
