# Casts Picked For Dramatic Presentations
## 
### 
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
With casting completed Monday,
production hums on two Stanford
summer festival dramatic ventures,
"High Tor" and "Twelfth Night."
The cast for Maxwell Anderson's
recent Broadway fantasy, "High
Tor," set for Sword and Sandals
reading, Friday, July 2, Room 100,
includes: Indian, George Wilson;
Van Dorn, Fred Clark; Judith, Dor
othy Brookman; Biggs, J. P. Cahn;

Tryouts in the summer's first
one-act play, "Green Cocka
too," will be held this afternoon
by Dramatics Director Gor
don C. Lange. Parts will be
limited to students taking the
atrical courses.

Skimmerhorn, Joe Lawry; Lise,
Rosemary Benet; DeWitt, Bud Cady;
Elkins, Don Brown; Dope, Jack Daw
son; Buddy, Hoke Roberts; Patsy,
Bob Ireland; Senior, John Cline; and
Budge, Don Cady. "High Tor" will
be directed by Fred Clark and Jack
Dawson.
'Twelfth Night' Cast
Director Hubert Heffner an
nounced the following revised cast
for "Twelfth Night" to be staged
August 19, 20, and 21 in the Me
morial Hall, as the climax of the
summer drama festival: Duke Or
sino, James Bacigalupi; Sebastian,
Bud Cady; Sea Captain, Joseph E.
Whitaker; Valentine, John S. Daw
son; Curio, Frank A. Delamarter;
Sir Toby Belch, Paul Crary; Sir An
drew Aguecheek, George Wilson;
Fabian, Howard Roberts; Feste, Ar
thur B. Gleditsch; Malvolio, Fred
Clark; Olivia, Elise H. Werthman;
Viola, Amelia Kerth Baines; Maria,
Phyllis Lakin; First Lady in Wait
ing, Sylvia Onesti; and Third Lady
in Waiting, Barbara Thrasher.
"High Tor," which has just com
pleted a five-months run on Broad
way, deals with a young Dutch
idealist who defends his beloved
mountain, High Tor, from depreda
tions of trap-rockers.
High Comedy
Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" is
high comedy dealing with the esca
pades of Viola, to be played by
Amelia Baines, veteran campus act
ress, masquerading as page boy to
Duke Orsino.
Technical set director, Waldemar
Johansen, has submitted designs for
highly romantic "Twelfth Night"
sets, to feature shiny metal trees.
Mrs. Helen Green, costume director
for the production and one-time
Hollywood costume designer, has
sketched several costumes for the
leads, according to Mr. Heffner.
Both plays are in accordance with
the comedy motif of this season's
drama festival.
