# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
INDIANS
Gals—here’s your
walking numbers to
complement the men’s
version we mentioned
yesterday, Madras
capris or Bermudas,
both fully lined, both
with hemp belts, both
100% cotton in that
lush fabric hand
woven in India, the
kind that bleeds in
the washing, mellow
ing and muting the
colors in the good
looking patterns. The
capris are 12.95,
the Bermudas, 7.95.
Better move in on a
pair or two, today.
