# IIR to Sponsor Hostel On Race Discrimination
## 
### 
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
The Institute of International
Relations will sponsor a race re
lations hostel May 10 and 11 at
Alpine cabin. John Howard, a
graduate in sociology, will lead
the hostel.
Speakers will be Frank Quinn,
'hairman of the San Francisco
Committee on Civic Unity, and
Professor Szego of the University
of Santa Clara, chairman of the
Palo Alto chapter of the NAACP
and founding member of the for
mer Stanford chapter of NAACP.
Quinn will discuss housing dis
crimination in the Bay Area, and
Professor Szego will speak on the
background of the local race
problem.

Applications for the hostel are
available at the Tresidder main
desk and at the Y in the Women’s
Clubhouse.
