# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
MEDICO-DENTAL
AI.WAYS OPEN
I I' n(l< ■ r Post office)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
261 Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
A Bite to Eat
and
Somethin' Sweet
m
112 SERVED IN
* YOUR CAR
10:30 A.M.
2:00 A.M.
KANTEEN 16
HIGHWAY
Try Daily Classified Ads
