# TILDEN CEDED SECOND
## 
### 
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
PARIS, May IS. (/!>) William T.
Tildett of Philadelphia will be
ceded number 2 in singles in the
French had court tennis champion
ships which pet under way at Ro
land Garros Stadium tomorrow.
