# CANADIAN DAVIS CUP TEAM
## 
### 

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.

Members of the Canadian Davis Cup team (left to right—Rainville,
Wright, and Crocker) were defeated Friday in three matches by Van
Ryn, Lott, and a doubles team consisting of Van Ryn and Austin who
were representing the United States. John Doeg of Stanford completes
the United States team.
