# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
Circle "S" Society announces
flic election of the
following:
Frank Booth
John Ihitls
Austin ("lapp
Lcland Duke
George lOberhart
Lawrence HarriK
Herman llellinan
Fred Johnson
William Nichols
Preston Plumb
James Springer
John Trotter
Douglas While
Ward Woods
