# Farm Chappie Seeks Talent
## 
### 
Although contributions from va
cationing staff members will be
flowing in from all parts of the
country, Don Allan, Chaparral
summer editor, needs material for
his magazine's deadline next week,
and is calling on all Farm students
to come to the Chappie office in the
Journalism Building to try out.
Cartoons, stories. Farm Fables,
anything humorous or bizarre will
be given the attention of Old Boy
Allan or one of his subordinates.
The date of publishing is early in
July. If the issue is a roaring suc
cess another magazine may be
printed in August.
Next year's editor, Frank Hewitt,
has mailed his talent all the way
from New York, while a contribu
tion from ex-Old Boy Barney Mc-
Clure has come in from Lake Tahoe.
