# Summer Session Daily Drops Monday Issue
## 
### 
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
Don't look for The Stanford
Daily Monday. For in accordance
with Excom's ruling of Tuesday
night, The Daily will issue four
times per week through Summer
Quarter, the four days being Tues
day, Wednesday, Thursday, and
Friday.
Persons or groups who want to
make announcements of events oc
curring on Mondays should call
The Daily early on Thursday af
ternoons.
