# TWADDELL TO LECTURE
## 
### 
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
A special lecture will be given by
William F. Twaddell, acting profes
sor of German, on Wednesday after
noon, July 1, at 4:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Twaddell will speak on "A
Masterpiece of Early German Nar
rative: the Hildebrandslied."
Leland Scott, Stanford third-base
man, will occupy third base Sunday
for the Palo Alto Bears, coached by
Firehouser Monte Pfyl.
