# DOG TAGS NOW PLASTIC
## 
### 
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
COLUMBUS. O. -Eighty thousand
Franklin county dogs have been hit
by the government priorities on
metal. Instead of brass dog tags
they will now wear brown plastic
licenses made by convicts at Ohio
penitentiary.
