# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
At noon next Friday, October 7, the
competition for prize songs and yells
will close and it will not be possible
after that hour to submit compositions
for the purpose of contesting for any
of the prizes offered by the Executive
Committee. At the present time, but
two yells and one song have been sub
mitted to the committee that has this
contest in charge and consequently,
there is a very small field for that
board to select a suitable song or yell
from. Any who have written or have
contemplated the writing of any song
should hand them to the committee at
once in order that a sufficient con
sideration of them can be made by the
special board. The introduction of a
new song and yell will materially add
to the extensive bleacher stunts that
are now being contemplated, and it is
hoped that numerous additions will be
made to the efforts already submitted.
