# Eratum
## 
### 
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
The Daily has learned that
previous reports of normal or high
attendance at Physics classes on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
were wrong. Only a very few
classes have met. Some others are
meeting informally to discuss the
issues. Overall attendance was
generally under 10%. The Daily
apologizes for the error.
