# Adv. 39 Page 13
## 
### 
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
ENGINEERS
Cubicomp Corporation, the
international leader in 3D
computer graphics for
television broadcast,
graphic arts, and design,
has openings in our
engineering department for
talented people who want
to design the future of
computer graphics.
We work on state-of-the-art
software and hardware,
solving problems in
rendering, solid modeling,
animation, user interface
design, and image
processing in a small,
rapidly-growing non-military
company.
If you are excited about a
full-time position working
with a top-notch group of
engineers, and you have a
graduate degree, or an
undergraduate degree with
appropriate job experience,
please send your resume.
No calls, please.
Cubicomp is an equal
opportunity employer.
CUBICOMP
CORPORATION
21325 Cabot Blvd.
Hayward, CA 94545
