# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
Patronize Daily Advertisers
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Home of that
Famous
Milkshake
ssp
J**' •'
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
1 67 Hamilton Ave.
