# FOOTBALL SIGN-UP OPEN
## 
### 
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
Entries are still being taken for
the intra-mural football league,
which gets under way on October
9. The sign-up sheet is posted in
the BA.C.
