# Adv. 20 Page 9
## 
### 
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
LAB TECH I
(City of San Jose)
- (F-T and P-T)
Requires: major in Chem
or related field, or
one yr. lab experience
Apply: Employment
Office, Rm. 207
City Hall
801 N. Ist St.
San Jose, CA. 95110
Application by 3-16-77
