# Miss Lowell Enters Ojai.
## 
### 
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
Miss M. Lowell, '14, left last night
for Nordhoff, where she will repre
sent the women's tennis team in the
Ojai Valley tournament. Miss Lowell
was the only Stanford woman to win
her match in the singles at Berkeley,
and hence to qualify for the Ojai con
test. .Miss Laura Herron, the tennis
captain was unable to make the trip.
