# Stanford Graduate Wins Fellowship
## 
### 
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
William Steif, Stanford graduate,
was one of 12 U.S. newsmen chosen
to study at Harvard University for
a year under Nieman fellowships.
Steif. 29, has been a reporter, fea
ture editor, and makeup editor on
the San Francisco News since his
graduation from Stanford in 1946.
Agnes Wahl Nieman started the
fellowships in 1933 in memory of
her husband. Lucius Nieman.
founder of the Milwaukee Journal,
"to promote and elevate the stand
ards of journalism in the U.S."
