# Middlecoff Upset By Ted Kroll
## 
### 
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.—Longshot Ted
Kroll. a three-time Purple Heart
winner who learned about pressure
on Anzio Beach, scored one of the
most smashing upsets of the PGA
Goif Championship today when he
downed favored Cary Middleeoff on
the 3Sth hole to reach the semi
finals.
Kroll's upset triumph moved him
into tomorrow's 3t> - hole semi's
against swarthy Jim Turnesa of
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., who beat
Clarene Doser of HarUda'e, N.Y..
2 and 1.
