# Positions Open For Students on Daily
## 
### 
Opportunities are still awaiting
those who wish to learn a useful
skill while having fun. The place is
in the Daily Shack.
Both editorial and business po
sitions are available for those who
wish to take advantage of the small
work required for the summer
Daily.

Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" is 5 p.m. Mondays and
Thursdays, and 4:30 for classified
ads on the same davs.

Persons interested should contact
Tom Neville or Jo Martz for edi
torial work and Connie Libbey for
business positions. Leave names and
telephone numbers on the Daily
bulletin board if there is no one
there.
No experience is required: the
greater portion of the work takes
place between 1 and 10 p.m. on
Mondays and Thursdays. Very few
hours are required.
