# Choir Now Being Organized By Herbert Nanney
## 
### 
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
The Stanford University summer
choir is now being organized for
participation in the worship serv
ices at Memorial Church. Any stu
dents or faculty members who have
had any singing experience are in
vited to join.
One unit of credit may fc-e earned
for the eight - week session if de
sired. The choir will be under the
direction of Herbert B. N'anney,
University organist, and all those
interested in joining are urged to
attend the rehearsal today at 5 p.m.
