# INSURANCE SALESMEN
## 
### 
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
A representative of the Equitable
Life Insurance Co. of lowa will be
on campus Tuesday to interview ap
plicants for the company's sales
training program. Appointments may
be made at the Appointment Service
oflice.
