# Tuesday Series Features Spaeth
## 
### 
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
Carl B. Spaeth, dean of the Stan
ford Law School and former State
Department official, will discuss
"Our Foreign Policy: Its Latin-
American Implications" tomorrow
night on the Tuesday Evening Se
ries. The program will begin at
7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Dean Spaeth, Stanford's youngest
academic dean and a well-known
figure in the field of legal educa
tion, joined the faculty in 1946.
