# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
Stanford is the only university
which has a charitable organization,
on campus.
