# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
Floyd Kilgore's birthday is Dec.
28. Who's he? Stanford Daily print
er. of course.
