# POLOISTS WIN
## 
### 
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
The Stanford polo team won a six
chukker contest from Sacramento
yesterday, 3-1. The match was
played in San Francisco's Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon.
