# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
Once around the Quad, The Daily's
listing of campus events that are
free and open to the public, will
return when The Daily begins
regular publication on Sept. 29-
Forms are available at The Daily
offices now.
