# 15 New Reporters Added to Staff
## 
### 
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
With the appointment of 15 new
reporters and the promotion of six
reporters to copvreader posts by The
Daily Editorial Board, a two-week
tryout period was concluded yester
day.
Receiving promotions were Laura
Bertino, Bernadette Giannini,
Adolph Gugel. Lorraine Harband,
Ellen Marcus, and Sallie Van Dyke.
New names on The Daily roster
of reporters include Carole Carpen
ter. Elaine Barrett, Wanlyn Berry,
Mary Buckner, Charles Broughton,
Pete Carpenter. Bob Fess, Kay Fos
ter, Ange Griffiths, Maxwell Keith,
Beverly Leggett, Bob Peterson,
Martha Stratton, Anne Smith, and
Nancy Wilson.
The stafT members will fill these
positions throughout the rest of
Volume 103, which will be published
until the end of next quarter.
