# String Quartet Well Received
## 
### 
The San Francisco String Quartet
graced the Tuesday Evening Series
in Memorial Hall last night. By the
excellence of their ensemble you
may know thepi as tops—ensemble,
which when most delicate was yet
virile, and even more, so the piano
virtuosity of Frances Mannon. I re
fer to this group attribute because
their individual musicianship Is un
questioned from long acquaintance.
The program of Haydn, Brahms,
Tscherepni'n, and Beethoven (sorry,
no room for opus numbers) lacked
only a selection by Mozart, if some
how it could have been inserted
without extending the time, to have
been all-round ideal. The players
were Naoura and Boris Blinder and
Frank Houser, familiar of the San
Francisco Symphony; and Ferenc
Molnar, familiar of the Stanford
faculty.
We have cause to thank the 'Muses
that the Quartet is.—Covey
