# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.

SEVEN-YEAR-OLD King Feisal II, future ruler of Iraq, plans strategy
with a miniature General Lee tank, according to a United Press under
line. Offhand we would say he was "playing." Regent Prince Abdel
Illah looks on in the palace garden.
