# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
An average of 8.3 pounds of crude
rubber is used in the making of an auto
mobile tire, and the average inner tube
contains about two pounds of crude rub
ber. Approximately 4.5 pounds of cot
ton is required to produce the average
casing.
