# "The Function of Woman."
## 
### 
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith spoke
before the Saturday Night Club
last Saturday on "The Function of
Woman." Mrs. Smith pointed out
that in ancient times woman was
the manufacturer; that the manu
facture of commodities in modern
times by machinery has deprived
her of this function; and that the
great problem of modern education
is what position woman should be
fitted to fill —whether that of a
producer or that of a wage-earner.
Shall she be educated for economic
efficiency or for a domestic life?
