# Prohibition Club is Active.
## 
### 
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
Under the auspices of the Pro
hibition Club Friday, afternoon at
3:30, a speech was given by 11. W.
Strong, '06; an oration by A. R.
Toothaker, '04; a recitation by
Miss M. F. Balcomb, '06; a whistl
ing solo by Miss Jane Bean, '05;
and an oration, "Humanity's Pos
sibility," by H. S. Bercival, '03.
Percival will represent the club
at the Northern California contest
to be held in Oakland, Friday
evening, April 25th. The winner
of this contest will receive a cash
prize of thirty dollars. He will
also take part in the inter-state
contest of the Pacific Coast at
Corvallis, Oregon, the evenings of
May 22d and 24(1. Washington,
Oregon, Northern California. J and
Southern California will have one
representative each.
