# WOMEN PRESENT MRS. EWELL WITH WATCH
## 
### 
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
In appreciation of her services as
house mother at the Women's Club
house, the women of the University
have presented Mrs. E. R. Ewell with
•a gold wrist watch. The gift was a
recognition of Mrs. Ewell's services
in her rather unusual capacity. Al
though she holds no official position
under the University administration,
she has come to know campus women
perhaps better than any other person
at Stanford. Mrs. Ewell has served as
house mother rrrt Niters at the club
house since late in ls»i
