# SUNDAY IS TIME SET FOR OUTDOOR MUSICAL PROGRAM
## San Francisco Talent Engaged to Appear in Palo Alto Garden Concert. 
### 
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
Miss Grace Bromfield, soprano of
San Francisco, who gave a successful
concert here In November 1912, will
appear at 3:30 p.m. next Sunday in
the garden of Mrs. Theophilus Allen,
601 Melville avenue, Palo Alto. As
sisting Miss Bromfield are Mrs. Au
gusta Upliam Staber, accompanist,
and Robert McClure, baritone. Both
singers are students of MacKenzie
Gordon. Tickets are now on sale at
Weingartner's.
