# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
Authorities and fraternity men at
Nebraska are in favor of Sophomore
pledging.
