# Professor W.F. Durand to Talk on Power Development
## 
### 
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
Professor W. F. Durand of the Me
chanical Engineering department will
give an illustrated lecture on "The
Power Development of the Upper
Colorado" this evening in Room 283.
The lecture is primarily intended for
the members of the Civil Engineering
Society but all those interested in the
subject of Professor Durand's talk are
invited to attend by the officers of
the society.
