# Chee, Gee-raffes! Circus Day Today
## 
### CATHRYN OWEN 
Arthur Bros. Circus, complete with J
Ken Maynard and his horse Tarzan
(attention, Thunder Riders!), tra- ;
pezes equipped with dangling peo
ple, and the Great Sing Lee See and j
other clowns, are px - esenting an af- j
ternon performance in Palo Alto to- |
day at 2 p.m. and an evening per
formance at 8. Doors will open an
hour before each show for those who
want to absorb atmosphere.
Miss Arieletta, queen of the air,
will perform on the trapezes, and
elephants, giraffes, and pachyderms
will be provided for those not in
terested. According to Arthur Bros.,

Miss Arieletta is "one of the pretty
girls in pink tights blowing kisses
from the flying trapeze and goodness
knows what else."
All Arthur Bros. Circus tents are
flame-proof.
