# Interviews Slated For '57 Applicants
## 
### 
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
Nathaniel C. Allyn, assistant di
rector of admissions, vestefday be
gan a two-week tour of Southern
California to interview high school
and college students interested in
attending Stanford next autumn.
Allyn will answer questions con
cerning admission requirements,
housing, and other phases of Uni
versity life.
