# Inter-Club Council Chooses Officers
## 
### 
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
Election re.-ults of a meeting of
the Inter-Eating Club Council, held
last Monday night, were announced
yesterday. They are Die k Winters,
club manager; Larry Porter, secre
tary; and Bill Greninger. public re
lations manager.
Club President Dick Bennett an
nounces that the club will give a
luncheon foi Branner guls on Oct.
25.
