# Seniors Pick Class Excom
## 
### 
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
Eleven students were selected
yesterday to fill positions on the
Senior Class Excom.
Four honorary positions v/ill be
announced at a later datp.
The new members are: Mary Ann
Bertoglio, Hurlburt; Barbara Bud,
Union; Stan Blmnenthal, off-cam
pus; Joyce Bryson, Russell, Joanne
fjixson, Lathrop: Carolyn Horn
kohl. Both; John MeCurdy, Chi Psi;
Nini Moore. Roble; Jack Shea.
Stern; Barry G. Smith, Phi Sigma
Kappa; and Mary Strickland, Rus
sell.
The group's first meeting has been
set for Monday at 8:30 p.m. on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house.
