# Professor Will Attend Engineers' Convention
## 
### 
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
Professor Jack P. Benjamin of the
Stanford civil engineering fa:u!ty
will attend the annual contention of
the Structural Engineers' Associa
tion of California in Riverside Fri
day.
He will present a parer on
"Structural Research at Stanford
University."
