# Adv. 36 Page 16
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT:
Experienced professional needed
for busy healthcare ad agency
president Strong verbal and
written communication skills,
attention to detail, computer
literate. Extensive experience
assisting senior management
required. Send resume to: Lena
Chow EURO RSCG, Attn: Human
Resources, 248 Homer Ave, Palo
Alto CA 94301. Fax 650 324-4728.
P/T person to maintain 3 personal
computers. Must be familiar with
Microsoft Windows and Office
products. Hrs flex; averaging 5-
15/ month Must be reliable,
methodical, willing to take on
new tasks, and resource- ful in
solving computer problems. Fax
resume to 408-245-6825
TUTORS, K-12, all subj., exp.
pref'd. $20/ hr. Flex, sched. Call
btwn. 12-1 pm M-F 650-245-9792
P/T POSITIONS AVAIL. TO TUTOR
PRE SCHOOL CHILDREN W/ AUTISM
WILL TRAIN Sl2/hr. 408-937-9580
VC-Backed Internet Start-up
looking for Marketing Intern.
Interestedjn learning more?
Contact alex@projectl2l.com
