# CHARLES MAY BOX HERE
## 
### 
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 28 (/I 3 ) —
Manager Marv Jenson said today he
received an offer of $10,000 with an
option of a percentage of the gate
to have Rex Layne fight Ezzarcl
Charles in San Francisco next Sep
tember,
