# Buck to Discuss British Elections
## 
### 
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
Dr. Philip W. Buck, head of the
Stanford Political Science Depart
ment, will discuss "What Do the
British Ejections Mean to Ameri
cans?" on the Stanford Student
Roundtablo broadcast today al
p.m. on Station KfBE.
Tlip Houndtablc program will be
rcbroadcast. Sunday at 3 p.m. on
KIBE hihl will be heard on KZSU
tonight at 8:30.
Dr. Ruck returned last fall from
England where he spent a year in
research.
