# Varsity Beats Frosh 39-0 In Hoop Tilt
## Yearlings Show Defense Skill; H. B. Lee Subs For Captain Moore 
### 
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
Varsity hoopmen had little trouble
stopping the thrusts of the frosh in
the annual game Friday afternoon in
the Pavilion, winning 30-9, but they
hud difficulty themselves when they
tried to run up the score.
The frosh were good enough to
surprise Coach John Bunn, varsity
mentor, with their defensive play,
holding the sharpshooters to what
was a small score compared to some
of the victories hung up by this
same team last year in conference
play. Captain Dinty Moore, favor
ing an arm injured during the sum
mer, did not play, H. B. Lee subsli
(uting for him. Lee, thought Bunn,
was particularly good. Luisetti and
Turner were high scorers, tallying
10 and 11 points, respectively.
In a preliminary game between the
third strings of both squads, the
frosh were a little too tough for the
varsity and came out on top, 19-15.
Oakford and Dillon shone for the
frosh, with Jack Kessell turning in
some good ball for the varsity, ac
cording to Bunn. A third game,
played after the main contest, was
won by the varsity with the great
est of ease, 29-7.
