# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
Red Cross Collection Chairmen: To
report funds in the A.S.S.U. of
fices today between 1 and 2 p.m.
Big Game Bonlire Committee: Meets
this afternoon at 1 o'clock in the
A.S.S.U. offices.
Gaieties Players: Meet in the As
sembly Hall tonight for complete
rehearsal at 7 o'clock. The negro
spiritual group will meet in Room
84 at 7:10 for a private rehearsal.
Skiers, Ice Hockey Players. Racers:
Meet in A.S.S.U. lobby, 12:50 p.m.
today to organize teams.
Boycott Meeting of student leaders
with A.S.U. in the Women's Club
house, 1:30 p.m. today.
California Hour Tonight: With Shir
ley Jones, Winstead Weaver, Mac
Gordon, Man vi lie Petteys, and
Bert Arenson performing from
station KFRC, 9:30-10:30.
Bids at $5.25 per plate for Big
Game Night in the Palace Hotel are
being offered by the Alumni Asso
ciation. Music will be by Gordy
Heche.
Law School Moot Court will con
tinue tonight at 7:15 in Room 12 of
the Law Building.
Professor Edward M. Hulme will
speak on Erasmus for the Tuesday
evening lecture tomorrow night at
7:30.
