# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Nina Stedman, '56,
to Lou Coelho, '54, Phi Kappa Psi.
