# Sigma Xi to Install
## 
### 
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma Xi,
honorary science research society,
will install new members at its an
nual dinner tonight at the Stanford
Union.
Professor Carl Allendorfer, chair
man of the Department of Mathe
matics at the University of Wash
ington, will be principal speaker.
