# Sophs Plan Reunion on Sunday
## 
### 
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
The class of '57 is planning a re
union for Sunday afternoon from
12:30 to 6 at the beach three miles
south of San Gregorio. Entertain

ment is being planned, according to
Jim Bass, publicity chairman. Stu
dents are requested to bring their
own food.
