# Poli Union Demo Officers Elected
## 
### 
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
Helen Do war was elected presi
dent of the Democratic caucus of
the Political Union in an election
meeting last night.
Other officers oi' the caucus arc
Les Mazor, membership chairman;
Sally Trapnell, publicity director;
Jim Miller, education and research
chairman; and Jay Rea, member-at
large. A secretary will be elected
at the first meeting next year.
Miss Dewar, a sophomore from
Stockton, will be a voting member
of the Political Union Executive
Board as president of the caucus.
