# The 						Memorial to Mrs. Stanford.
## 
### 
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
Certain questions as to the form
and place of the proposed memo
rial to Mrs. Stanford have arisen,
and it is thought beet to postpone
the movement for the present.
Rev. Mr. Gardner made this an
nouncement at the services yester
day. In such a matter it is felt
that we can afford to wait until
time ripens the fitting idea.
