# Religious
## CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP 
### 
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
Inter - Varsity Christian Fellow
ship will meet tomorrow night in
the Women's Clubhouse to hear Mr.
Harry Smith of the Bank of Amer
ica in San Francisco speak on
"Consecration." All students are
welcome in the meeting, which be
gins at 7:30.
