# CONCERTS PLANNED FOR HILLSBOROUGH
## 
### 
Sir Henry Wood, England's fore
most orchestral conductor, will usher
in the season of open-air concerts in
the Woodland Theatre at Hillsborough
on Sunday afternoon, July 8. Fritz
Reiner, Hungarian conductor, and Jose
Iturbi, Spanish pianist-conductor, will
lead the other concerts of the series
which will fall on July 22, August 5,
and August 19.
The programs in the picturesque
amphitheater are given under the aus
pices of the Philharmonic Society of
San Mateo County, of which Mrs.
Leonora Wood Armsby is managing
director.
Tickets for the concerts at a special
rate will be available to registered
students at Stanford and may be ob
tained, along with detailed informa
tion as to the programs, at the office
of the summer quarter, Room 173, Ad
ministration Building.
