# EDUCATION SCHOOL FACULTY IS AIDED BY SEVEN VISITORS
## Many Courses To Be Given During Shorter Period Of Summer Work 
### 
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
Seven visiting professors will assist
the regulat faculty of the School of Ed
ucation in offering nearly two score of
courses and seminars during the eight
week period of instruction this sum
mer.
Instruction in the school will termi
nate on August 18 for the convenience
of teachers and school administrators.
A full quarter of residence may be
counted for degrees, as formerly, al
though the credit for each course has
been reduced in proportion to the short
ened period of instruction.
Instructors from other institutions
who offer summer quarter courses are:
Charles Clinton Peters, professor of
education and director of educational
research, Pennsylvania State College;
John Alexander McGeoch, professor of
psychology, University of Missouri;
Walter Ray Hepner, chief of division of
secondary education, California State
Department of Education; Alvin Chris
tian Eurich, assistant director of edu
cational research and assistant profes
sor of education, University of Minne
sota; Paul Robert Hanna, assistant pro
fessor of education and associate direc
tor of educational research, Lincoln
School, Columbia University; Leona
Hadley McCully, Palo Alto Union High
School; and Lucia Bush Mirrielees, pro
fessor of English, University of Mon
tana.
