# RETURNS TO STANFORD
## 
### 

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.

Dr. Derrick H. Lehmer, research fel
low, Institute for Advanced Study, at
Princeton University, will give special
lectures in the Theory of Numbers in
the Mathematics Department this sum
mer. Dr. Lehmer, who is a graduate of
the University of California, was at
Stanford during 1931-32.
