# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
YOUR BIC CAME NITE
DINNER
JACKET
IS READY, SIR . . .
W e have it, styled to the min
ute— ready to wear — priced
with consideration for an over
worked allowance.
$30 or more
How arc your accessories?
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST. J
