# YOST AT HOME
## 
### 
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
Dean M.iry Yost will be "at home" i
from 4 to 6 o'clock tomorrow after- j
noon. Members of Ihe faculty and |
student body are invited to call.
