# HUEY GETS DANDER UP
## 
### 

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,

Huey Long, battling Louisiana senator, flashes the old fighting spirit
before the senate investigators who are inquiring into the election last
year of John Overton to the senate. The hearings were held in New Or
leans. (Associated Press Photo) ,
