# Entry List Is Posted For Intramural Track Meet
## 
### 
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
All registration-track events will
be held December 1 at the Fall In
tramural Track Meet at Angell
Field, announced Manager Marvie
Kahn yesterday.
An entry list, located on the
blackboard in the men's gym, must
be signed by November 29 by every
organization wishing to enter men
in the meet, individuals however,
are not to sign for particular events.

Puppet shows existed in the court
of King Tut, says an article in the
Oregon State Barometer.

It is astonishing how little one
feels poverty when one is in love.—
Bulwer.
