# Labor Fights Code
## 
### 
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
Proposed master code for the
building trades, approved by NRA
industrial advisory board, is unjust
to labor, according to President
Green of A. F. of L. Laborites want
to have a confab with contractors'
representatives over wage scales.
Said Green, "Only a complete re
drafting of the code can bring it in
line with the purpose of the admin
istration."
