# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
CURRIER I:
MOTEL
Heated Pool — T.V.
Kitchens
NEAREST TO STANFORD
3200 El Camino
DA 3-8590
Mr. and Mrs. Currier
owner 1 ,, m.injßf'r,
