# Stanford Gets Medical Grant
## 
### 
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
Research awards totaling $75,-
000 were presented to the Univer
sity and the Medical School yes
terday by the American Cancer
Society.
Largest of the two awards, $50,-
000, was marie to the Medical
School for support of pilot experi
merits with new instruments and
techniques for the diagnosis and
treatment of cancer.
A second grant of $25,000 was
made lo the University for com
pletion of a small-scale medical
version of the Stanford linear ac
celerator.
The Medical School studies will
be conducted under direction of
Henry S. Kaplan. M.D., chairman
of I lie Medical School's Commit
tee on Cancer Research.
Work on the linear accelerator
will be directed by Edward L
(tin/ton. Ph.D., professor of ap
plied physics and director of the
Stanford Microwave Laboratory.
