# Talk to Be Held On Legal Problems
## 
### 
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
Third in a series of lectures on
general legal matters will bo pre
sented by the Palo Alto Bar Asso
ciation at 7:30 p.m. Monday in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
. This lecture will deal with fam
ily problems, misdemeanors of
minors, adoption, divorce, proper
ty boundaries and liability for
pets.
Speaker will be Paul N. Mc-
Closkey Jr., Palo Alto attorney.
