# Moore Hall Plans Discussed Today
## 
### 
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
The AVVS Residence Planning
Commit teee will speak on plans
for Moore Hull this afternoon to
residents of Union Units and Ven
tura Hall.
Talks will he held in 1 he Wom
en's Clubhouse at 4:30. Members
will discuss the dorm's design,
decorating schemes and Innova
tions it will contain. The commit
tee will then answer any ques-
