# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## Ferguson & Co. 
### 
Foremost in tlie history of Palo
Alto is the well known Dry Goods
house of Ferguson & Co. Years of
practical experience have taught
them how to save you money —
how to provide the best for the
least. Without a doubt their store
is one of the brightest and most
attractive on the Pacific Coast.
They pride themslves not only on
the varied and complete assort
ment of Dry Goods which they
carry, but their superior quality
and reliability. These are distrib
uted to their patrons at as small a
margin of profit as is consistent
with good economical business
management.
The tests of a store are in the
character of its merchandise, the
honesty of its prices, the helpful
ness of its service. These tests
make satisfactory and pleased cus
tomers, and such are daily growing
in number at Ferguson & Co.'s.

The Bishop House will be open
for boarders by the day or week
during the summer. 517 Waverley
Bt. Mrs. M. F. Gregory, Prop.
Before selling your furniture,
give us a chance to figure on it.
Enterprise Upholstering Company,
Pillsbury building, Palo Alto.
Goods Stored. — Furniture, house
hold goods, and students' effects
stored :>t reasonable rates. We
pack and ship goods of all kinds.
F. W. Sherman & Co.
Baggage Notice. —Save 25 cents
on each trunk, by keeping your
baggage-checks until you arrive in
the city and give them to the Com
mercial Transfer Co.'s agent, or
oflice 115 O'Farrell St., next to
Ornhpum.
