# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk princii*i. 10 of campus inter
collegiate contests hns been fairly
testtd, [ind Inis been shown to be
uratifyingly sound. The base!Â»a 11
games have been all that we had
reason to expect, if not more, while
the contesting of the annual hack
and field even's on the college
grounds this year and last shows
evidences of being the proper step
in the right direction. The most
noticeable feature of the campus
contests has been the interest mani
fested by the students of both uni
versities, which, for the meets flint

have so far taken place under the
new regime, is fur in advance of
that taken heretofore. This in
itself is one of the strongest argu
ments for the campus system. The
athletics as well as all other inter
collegiate events iire primarily for
the benefit of the University.peo
ple, and taking them to the Uni
versity grounds makes them avail
able to those for whom they are
intended. Another result of the
new system is the opportunity for
fellowship between the students of
the two institutions, which whs so
well taken advantage of last Satur
day. The spirit of good feeling
and the cosmopolitan college air
which pervaded the assembly hall
Saturday evening showed the de
sirability of bringing together the
men and women from Berkeley and
Palo Alto.
