# College Notes
## 
### 
Students of the University of Ohio
rejected the adoption of the honor
system in a recent election hy a ma
jority of 103 out of 1099 ballots
cast. Estimates were that over 90
per cent of the engineers voted
against the measure.
A wartime league, entitled "The
No Grumbling League," has been
started in several American colleges
and universities. The members of
the league pledge themselves to ac
cept without protest all war provis
ions made by the food administra
ion.
*******
As a means of enforcing the ancient
tradition of wearing freshmen caps
at the University of Kansas, upper
classmen have organized a Klu Klux
Klan society known as the "Red Vig
ils." Offenders are taken out at mid
night into the country in machines.
Toward morning the freshmen re
turn alone in the garb of the tradi
tional swimmer who lost his clothes.
****:»*• .
At a recent meeting of the faculty
of the University of Kansas, a reso
lution was introduced to limit the
cost of admission to all student
dances to $1, and to make it compul
sory that all dances close at 12
o'clock midnight.
*******
The annual tug of war between the
sophomores and the freshmen of the
University of Ohio was won by the
second year men
*******
The Fowler shops at the University
of Kansas were destroyed last week
by a fire of unknown origin. The
buildings were to have been used by
the Government in experimental work
which will now be delayed until the
shops can he repaired. The losS
amounts to about $34,000.
