# Former Stanford Man Is Reported Killed in Action
## 
### 
Word of the first Stanford man to
be "killed In action" since America
entered the war was received this
morning when a report from San
Francisco told of the death of H. Syd
ney Morgan, '12. Morgan was a phys
iology major at Stanford and a mem
ber of Phi Delta Theta. He went to
Johns Hopkins from here to complete
his advanced work and received his
advanced degree there.
The reports on Morgan's death gives
the information that he was a first
lieutenant in the medical reserve
corps, connected with the Presbyte
rian hospital unit, of the Reinforce
ment Base Hospital Unit No. 2, United
States General Hospital, British Ex
peditionary Forces.
Morgan registered at Stanford from
San Diego.
