# FRENCH CLUB PLANS TO PRESENT SHORT PLAYS
## 
### 
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
Members of the French Club met at
Roble last evening to make plans for
several short plays which will be
given at the last meeting of the se
mester. R. W. Harry, gr., entertained
those present with a piano solo.
