# DEAN OF MEN TO LEAVE FOR SOUTH
## 
### 
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
Dean of Men George 112). Culver
will leave for Los Angeles tonight
lo attend a convention of the West
ern Association of Deans which is
being held at the University of
<'illilornia at Los Angeles this
week.
