# "AXE" DAILY SENT ABROAD TO MEET UNUSUAL DEMAND
## 
### 
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
From lour foreign countries,
and from 2;{ of the 48 states
have come requests for copicH
of the "Axe Extra." Alumni,
parents, friends, absent stu
dents, and even writers look
ins for plots, have sent 10c
for the Daily of April 4. About
70ft copies have been mailed
and almost :JUOO sold alto
gether.
In such a widely distributed
places as Paris, France; Santa
Maria, lllocos ,Sur in the Phil
ippines; Berlin, Germany; and
(•uanajusto (Jto., Mexico, there
are now copies of the Daily
sent in answer to requests of
people in those places.
While the majority of the
Dailies have been sent to
places in California, many
copies are now iu Washing
ton, New York, Oregon, and
Arizona. Other states to which
they have been mailed are:
Wyoming, Massachusetts, Illi
nois, New Mexico, Michigan,
Utah, Ohio, Minnesota, Penn
sylvania, Colorado, Missouri,
Texas, Maine, Virginia, New
Hampshire, Connecticult, Indi
ana, and lowa.
