# BUS WRECKED BY SANTA FE MAIL TRAIN
## 
### 

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.

A Santa Fe mail train cut in two an interstate motor stage near
Isleta, New Mexico, killing a score of persons. Picture shows the
wreckage of the bus on the left side of the powerful locomotive. The
engine remained on the tracks and none of the train passengers or crew
were injured. Associated Press Photo.
