# Out Of Our Past
## 
### 

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.

What once was will soon be again. But not too soon. In this photograph
from the early 19505, students study in the Green Library reading room.
The reading room no longer exists — having been replaced by the Field

Spec ial Collections room around 1980 — but studying still does. With a
new quarter upon us, though, we may not be seeing much of il for a few a
few more weeks.
