# Stanford Will Debate On Preparedness Issue
## 
### 
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
Stanford will support the affirmative
of the preparedness question in the
debate with California, November 24.
The trio of men who will represent
the Cardinal in this contest, which
will be run on the new "no-decision"
plan, will attempt to prove that the
United States should establish a sys
tem of compulsory military service
similar to that of Switzerland, while
the California team will try to show
that this is not necessary, and would
prove an evil.
Tryouts for the Stanford teams to
meet California, and to meet the Uni
versity of Southern California, on the
same date and on the same subject,
will be held at the Little Theater on
September 29,. a week from Friday.
All who wish to try out should hand
in their names to Debating Coach K.
E. Leib, or Chairman J. F. Elden of
the debating committee.
