# Postpone Women's Rally
## 
### 
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
Due to the inclemency of the
weather, the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation rally, which was scheduled
for tonight at the Roble gymnasium,
has been postponed indefinitely.
