# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
324 Univ. Ave. Phone 1544
Drugs—Sundries
Stationery—Art Goods
Kodaks—Finishing
yhour
DEVELOPING SERVICE
Films brought to our store
before ten a.m. will be finish
ed by five the same day. This
will enable you to get your
pictures into the mail the
same day you bring them to
us.
All of our work is done right
in our own shops by our large
force of experienced help. We
pride ourselves that this is
the largest and most modern
ly equipped plant on the Pe
ninsula.
Kenyon & Crow Prices
on
DEVELOPING
6or 8 exposure roll 10c, 15c
10 or 12 exposure roll 25c
PRINTING
Brownie Size 4c
Intermediate Size 5c
Large Size 7c
Films left at Bookstore will
receive our same expert at
tention.
