# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
jmjbroire fyour
Out on the athletic fields or
in the great out-doors where
every physical quality is
needed, the man with poor
eyesight is under a heavy
handicap.
E. A. feoCHRAN
122 University Ave.
