# Padua Confers Honorary Degree on Dr. Anderson
## 
### 
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
Melville Best Anderson, professor
emeritus of English Literature at Stan
ford, has received an honorary degree
in the doctorate from the University
of Padua, bestowed at the celebration
of the seven hundredth anniversary of
the University, last month. Padua
sent a Latin invitation to Stanford
last spring to send a representative
to the celebration and Doctor Wilbur
appointed Professor Anderson whose
home is in Florence, Italy. Professor
Anderson is best known for his recent
ly published translation of Dante's
works.
