# Another Viewpoint
## 
### 
Very often, in the afternoons, a good
many members of the student body
find time to go over to the gymnasium,
and a great many of these desire to
play handball. However, as is very
often the case, their wishes are
defeated since the courts are usually
full of members of the physical train
ing staff.
While we do not suggest at all that
the faculty men give up their practice
of playing, it would be most convenient
if they could arrange their playing
hours at some other time than from
4 to 6 p.m.
It has been suggested that the staff
could very easily arrange to use the
handball courts during the morning
hours â€”before noon. A caustic indi
vidual has remarked that this would
involve their getting out to the cam
pus too early. Let us hope that such
is not the case F.M., '20.
