# Sigma Delta Chi Holds Business Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will hold a short fmt
important business meeting in the Daily
Palo Alto office at 7 :15 o'clock tonight.
It is imperative that all members he
present, according to Wallace W. Knox,
president of the Stanford chapter of the
fraternity.
