# Elizabeth King Engaged To Dr. Leland S. Chapman
## 
### 
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
Announcement has been made in
Los Angeles of the engagement of
Elizabeth Gardiner King, '25, to Dr.
Leland Stanford Chapman. Miss King
is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority. Dr. Chapman graduated from
Johns Hopkins University, where he
belonged to the Phi Chi medical fra
ternity. The wedding will probably
take place in the fall.

A Buddhist University for women is
to he established in Tokio at a cost
of 1,500,000 yen.
