# Sorority to Start New Open House Tradition
## 
### 
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
In the hope of starting a new tradi
tion on the campus and of bringing
about the closer co-operation of the
women, the Pi Beta Phi house is hold
ing open house tomorrow afternoon
from three to six.
The idea, which it is believed will
create greater harmony and under
standing between the hall and sorori
ties, is sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. If
the plan proves successful, it will be
carried on by other living groups. As
each house would be required to give
but one tea a year the responsibility
on the individual would be light. All
women are urged to attend the tea
which is entirely informal. House
mothers and faculty members are also
invited.
