# Red Challenge FBI Agent's Tuesday Topic
## 
### 
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
EBI Chief Inspector William C.
Sullivan will tell of "The Chal
lenges of Communism" in this
quarter's final Tuesday Evening
Series presentation tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium.
Sullivan is chief inspector in
charge of Federal Bureau of In
vestigation research and analysis
relating to Communist subver
sion, intelligence and espionage
activities. His headquarters are
in Washington, D.C.
Hosts for the speaker are Joel
Meister of the Institute of Inter
national Relations and Scott
Thompson of the Political Union.
They have arranged a student
faculty dinner and, following the
lecture, a reception at Otero
House in Wilbur.
Sullivan has served in the FBI
for 19 years, working in all parts
of the United States, and on con
fidential assignments overseas
during World War 11.
