# Xmas Program To Be Presented
## 
### 
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
Tickets are now available for
the Intermezzo Christmas pro
gram which will be presented in
the Bender Room of the Library
on Dec. 8 at 4:00.
Professor Harold Schmidt will
direct a program of Christmas
music by the Stanford Chorale
with various soloists and instru
mentalists. Dr. John Dodds will
present a group of readings re
lated to the holiday season.
