# Adv. 35 Page 13
## 
### 
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
LOS ALTOS
SHOPPING
GUIDE
The search for the unusual in gifts, gourmet foods, cooking equipment, and fashions for the family is made easy in the friendly
small town atmosphere of Los Altos Village. The many small shops, located near accessible free parking plazas, offer an exceptional
variety of merchandise not found in larger shopping centera. An added bonus is the friendly, personal service provided by the
merchants.
MIOS
Ql
£
5
a
X,
c r
u
L'
$
%
-
%
sK
I'll)
wo
10 Minutes
from
Stanford Campus
