# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
The
FAIRMONT HOTEL
PLAYS HER ACE
•
HENRY KING
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Every evening except Monday
Saturday Fashion Tea Dance
by Violc;tte
