# Bar Association Denounces Black
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 28 (U.R).
â€”The American Bar Association to
day prepared a resolution condemn
ing the appointment of Hugo L.
Black to the United States Supreme
Court while its 5,000 convention
delegates applauded speakers who
denounced President Roosevelt's
New Deal.
The lawyers were fuming over
President Roosevelt's Constitution
Day address, in which he criticized
the profession. Carl D. Weygandt,
chief justice of Ohio and toastmaster
at a banquet for 2,000 lawyers last
night, said "We have not completed
our job of getting our President
told."
Then he presented Joseph B. Ely,
former Democratic Governor of
Massachusetts, who said that Mr.
Roosevelt had "expounded a new
idea of revocable liberty."
