# 'Dry Skiing' Course Still Open to Men
## 
### 
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
Although the quota for women is
already filled, there is still room for
some men in a course in "dry ski
ing" being offered this quarter as
an alternate in Physical Education I
and 101.
"Dry skiing" consists of a set of
exercises and drills that were devel
oped in Switzerland, Germany, and
Austria, and have been used there
for the past eight years as training
preliminary to actual skiing.
Chief aim of such training is to
accustom the student to skis and
give him practice in making turns
and walking on skis in proper posi
tions.
After taking the course, the stu
dent is little bothered by fatigue
and awkwardness the first time he
skis on snow. Added speed and the
feel of the snow are the only new
factors.
Approximately 20 men and 20
women will be allowed to take the
course fall quarter. Classes will be
given three afternoons a week, but
exact times of the instruction pe
riods have not yet been set.
