# Six Positions Open As Soph Managers
## 
### 
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
Five or six positions as sopho
more swimming and water polo
managers are now open, announces
Jack Ellis, senior manager. Ac
cording to Ellis anyone interested
may sign up at Encina Pools with
Coach Nort Thornton any time this
week.
Sophomore manager work fulfills
the lower division physical educa
tion requirements.
