# Meek, California Legislator, Dies
## 
### 
Bert B. Meek, former state direc
tor of public wox-ks and prominent
Peninsula business man, died in his
home in Atherton yesterday morn
ing following a long illness.
According to state executives, his
lasting monuments are the great
system of highways for whose cause
he worked both during and after the
time he held office. Mr. Meek, who
was 53 years of age, had been an
engineer, farmer, banker, packer,
state assemblyman from Butte
County, and executive vice-presi
dent of the Hearst corporation dur
ing his highly active career.
Until his last illness he had been
considered as a possible candidate
for the Republican ticket for gov
ernor in the 1938 election.
