# Husky Gridders Entrain for South
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Sept. 28 (U.R).—Thirty
three University of Washington
Husky gridders entrained today for
Los Angeles—ready to go up against
University of Southern California
there Saturday.
The Huskies banged through a
fast, light practice session before
boarding the train and Coach. Jimmy
Phelan declared his squad to be in
tip-top shape, excluding minor in
juries. Frank Peters, capable wing
man, was still favoring a touchy
ankle injured in a practice scrim
mage earlier this year.
Sports fans eyeing the Conference
pennant this year believe it will be
a Husky-U.S.C. race all the way.
The squad goes straight to Los An
geles, where two practice sessions
were scheduled before game time.
