# Throngs Welcome Tennis Hero Home
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Sept. 28 (U.R).â€”Don
Budge came home from the tennis
wars today to a hero's welcome.
Bringing back with him the
world's most important tennis titles
from his recent trip to Europe and
the eastern United States, Budge,
red-haired racquet marvel, was
given a civic reception that began
before noon and was to last until
evening.
"I have no intention of playing
professional tennis," he told his
welcomers.
His father and mother, Mr. and
Mrs. John Budge, sat beside him in
an open car which, followed by a
dozen automobiles carrying the re
ception committee, carried him up
flag-bedecked Broadway to the Oak
land city hall. There Mayor William
J. McCracken greeted him officially.
