# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The present status of affairs as re
gards the Plug Ugly regulations adop
ted by the Advisory Committee, does
uot in any way preclude the proposed
joint action of the present Junior and
Sophomore classes in a mutual agree
ment regarding the method of con
ducting the Plug-Ugly next year. The
regulations of the Advisory Committee
merely accomplish the necessary elim
ination of certain specific features
which have proven detrimental to the
continuance of the custom, but it yet
remains for the two classes to reach
an agreement as to the means to be
employed in carrying out the regula
tions and to adopt rules for the con
duct of the men of the two classes
respecting the poster and other mat
ters over which here might be possible
conflict.
