# Dr. Angell to Write for "Outing"
## 
### 
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
The Outing Magazine, one of the
greatest, exponents of clean sport in
America has requested Dr. Angel] to
make a statement, for publication con
cerning the relative merits of the
Intercollegiate and Rugby games of
football. The publishing company
states as a reason for its request
that "in view of the number of serious
accidents during the present football
season, there is a revival of the for
mer criticism of the old game, and
demand for either its reform or
abolition.

The game between the Breakers
and the Coyotes for fifty pounds of
turkey to-day resulted in the victory
of the latter by a score of 8-0. The
I game was a very good one, the tack

ling being especially good. Horton,
Rellah and Crawford were the stars
<>112 the Coyotes while Brown played
the best game on the side of the
j Breakers.
