# informal Thanksgiving Dance Friday.
## 
### 
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
Id order that the vacation may not
drag for those who remain on the
Campus for Thanksgiving, arrange
ments have been made for an informal
dance to he held next Friday evening
at the Playhouse in Palo Alto. All
students on the Campus at that time
are cordially invited. Cars will be
provided to carry the dancers to and
from Palo Alto at flie regular fare.
