# Roble Depopulation.
## 
### 
The fact that the condition of af
fairs at Roble Hall is becoming
more and more unpleasant has
caused about thirty of the young
women to leave for other places,
both in Pah) Alto and on the
campus. Several very pleas
ant boarding clubs have been
formed. One of the largest of these
is the one now occupying Prof. Ab
bott's former home. This club con
sists of Misses Anderson, Bolton,
Bristol, Dyer, Hardy, Haskell,
Howe, March, Mansfield, and
Stephens. Among those wlTo have
recently left Roble are the Misses
Flynn, who are at Mariposa Hall,
and Misses Smvthe, Young, and
Stoltenberg, who have taken up
their abode at Descanso Cottage.
The fact that the condition of af
fairs at Roble Hall is becoming
more and more unpleasant has
caused about thirty of the young
women to leave for other places,
both in Pah) Alto and on the
campus. Several very pleas
ant boarding clubs have been
formed. One of the largest of these
is the one now occupying Prof. Ab
bott's former home. This club con
sists of Misses Anderson, Bolton,
Bristol, Dyer, Hardy, Haskell,
Howe, March, Mansfield, and
Stephens. Among those wlTo have
recently left Roble are the Misses
Flynn, who are at Mariposa Hall,
and Misses Smvthe, Young, and
Stoltenberg, who have taken up
their abode at Descanso Cottage.
The fact that the condition of af
fairs at Roble Hall is becoming
more and more unpleasant has
caused about thirty of the young
women to leave for other places,
both in Pah) Alto and on the
campus. Several very pleas
ant boarding clubs have been
formed. One of the largest of these
is the one now occupying Prof. Ab
bott's former home. This club con
sists of Misses Anderson, Bolton,
Bristol, Dyer, Hardy, Haskell,
Howe, March, Mansfield, and
Stephens. Among those wlTo have
recently left Roble are the Misses
Flynn, who are at Mariposa Hall,
and Misses Smvthe, Young, and
Stoltenberg, who have taken up
their abode at Descanso Cottage.
The fact that the condition of af
fairs at Roble Hall is becoming
more and more unpleasant has
caused about thirty of the young
women to leave for other places,
both in Pah) Alto and on the
campus. Several very pleas
ant boarding clubs have been
formed. One of the largest of these
is the one now occupying Prof. Ab
bott's former home. This club con
sists of Misses Anderson, Bolton,
Bristol, Dyer, Hardy, Haskell,
Howe, March, Mansfield, and
Stephens. Among those wlTo have
recently left Roble are the Misses
Flynn, who are at Mariposa Hall,
and Misses Smvthe, Young, and
Stoltenberg, who have taken up
their abode at Descanso Cottage.
The fact that the condition of af
fairs at Roble Hall is becoming
more and more unpleasant has
caused about thirty of the young
women to leave for other places,
both in Pah) Alto and on the
campus. Several very pleas
ant boarding clubs have been
formed. One of the largest of these
is the one now occupying Prof. Ab
bott's former home. This club con
sists of Misses Anderson, Bolton,
Bristol, Dyer, Hardy, Haskell,
Howe, March, Mansfield, and
Stephens. Among those wlTo have
recently left Roble are the Misses
Flynn, who are at Mariposa Hall,
and Misses Smvthe, Young, and
Stoltenberg, who have taken up
their abode at Descanso Cottage.
