# State To Give More Grants
## 
### 
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
The number of State Scholar
ships available for new appli
cants this year has been dou
bled. A new law passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov
ernor Reagan authorizes the
State Scholarship and Loan
Commission to provide twice as
many new State Scholarships
this year as last year.
Approximately 5,600 new State
Scholarships will be awarded in
April, 1968, for use in 1968-69.
