# W. B. BURBECK, '15, WILL TELL OF ELECTRICAL WORK
## 
### 
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
W. B. Rurbeck, '15, now of the Pa
cific C.as and Electric company, will
talk tomorrow evening at 7:30, before
the Stanford Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineering.
