# Adv. 32 Page 15
## 
### 
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
cpop
OveC.
after the game!
Replay the game
over a yard of ale
in our tavern.
For hearty appetites,
try our prime rib,
glazed cornish game hen
or roast leg of lamb.
Serving til midnite
Fri. & Sat.
SRroud ]
fPopoVef
Restaurant & Tavern
Stanford Shopping Center
Near Macy's
at the Clock Tower
326-0272 C
