# Village Group Makes Plans
## 
### 
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
Opening of the Village Club, for- j
mer officers' club, and the gymna- I
sium for intramural sports was j
forecast for the beginning of next i
quarter at the Village Council meet
ing last night.
Committee reports on finance, |
housing, social activities, and food J
investigation were given by Hay- I
den Smith, Mary Flannery, Jane ;
Newman, and Gordon Osser, re- j
spectively.
Plans to have more study halls j
during dead week were made. Vil- i
lage Counselor Herbert J. Wunder- :
lich announced that no important j
changes in room assignments will !
be made next quarter, and that the i
housing arrangements will depend
on the number of persons living at j
the Village. He estimated the same
number as now reside there.
