# SPENCER TO TALK IN L.A.
## 
### 
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
Dr. Donald C. Spencer, professor
of mathematics, will speak at the
autumn meeting of the American
Mathematical Society Saturday in
Los Angeles. His topic will he
"Outstanding Problems in Confor
mal Mapping."
