# All Stanford Candidates Pass State Bar Exams
## 
### 
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
Names of 11 Stanford Law School j
students were announced today as
having passed the California State •,
Bar examination given Oct. 7. This
was the fourth time in succession
that all Stanford students were suc
cessful who were taking the exam
ination for the first time.
Names of the successful students
were: Lucille Forden Athearn, Bur- ,
lingame; Norman D. Baldwin, Palo 1
Alio; Edward Little Barry. Jr., San
Francisco; Barbara G. Cochrane,
Palo Alto; Pauline Georgia Davis,
Selma; Donald J. Kennedy, San
Francisco; John E. Nelson, Ukiah;
Frank Daniel O'Neil, Los Angeles;
Beverley J. Ottem, Sacramento; Da
vid Kirk Robinson, Pasadena; and
Charles E. Ward, San Bernardino.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan- ,
ford Law School pointed out thai !
the 11 successful students brought j
the total to 4<J of Stanford Law \
School students, taking the exami
nation for the first time, who had I

passed it in the six examinations
given since September of 1942. Only
one such Stanford student failed the
examination during this period.
