# Curtiss to Speak Dec. 15 On Computing Machines
## 
### 
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
Dr. J. H. Curtiss, assistant to the
director of the National Bureau of
Standards, U.S. Department of
Commerce, will give a talk Dec. 5
at 4 p.m. on "Electronic Computing
Machines." The talk will take place
in room 372 in the Physics Depart
ment.
Dr. Curtiss is an expert in sta
tistics and computing devices and
he is advising various agencies of
the government on the organization
of their computing programs.
