# Non-Quota Leaves Granted for Tonight
## 
### 
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
Non-quota late leaves are being
granted to all women for tonight.
Women's Council has announced'.
University regulations provide
for automatic 1:30 leaves on
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
nights during Thanksgiving vaca
tion. Any 2 o'clock leaves taken
will be counted on the quota. The
regular sign-out procedure must i
be observed during the holidays. '
