# HANNA TO SPEAK IN BOSTON
## 
### 
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna, professor of
education, will be one of the speak
ers at the convention of the National
Council for Social Studies in Bos
ton, Nov. 28-30.
