# STANFORD MAN IN GERMANY
## 
### 
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
Stanford man Hollin H. Sanders,
Ist Lt. AC, is now serving as As
sistant Library Officer with Head
quarters, United States Air Forces
in Europe, it has been announced.
Lt. Sanders is stationed in Wiesba
den, Germany.
