# FIFTEEN START IN WHISKER CONTEST; ENTRIES HELD OPEN
## 
### 
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
BULLETIN
Two tickets to "The Swan" will
accrue, along with a ten-dollar
prize and a loving cup, to the
winner of Chaparral's Whisker
Marathon, by courtesy of the
Dramatic Council.
Fifteen men entered the con
test yesterday afternoon, and so
encouraging was the interest
shown that the Chaparral office
will he open from 2 until 4:40
p.m. today for further entries.
Inasmuch as special consideration
will be Riven design, color, tex
ture. and virility, as well as
length, late entrants need not he
discouraged, judges, managers,
and co workers announced yes
terday.
A recapitulation of statistics
tiiken on the opening day of the
contest showed that those with
beards of a blond* rolor predomi
nated among the aspirants.
