# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
Quad staff members jolly-up tomor
row night at the Kappa Alpha Theta
house, as the guests of Editor B. C.
Wohlford.
