# WOMEN'S MANDOLIN" CLUB HAS BEEN REORGANIZED
## 
### 
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
Women's Mandolin Club has been
reorganized this semester and will be
conducted by Miss Lily Sherwood, di
rector of the San Francisco Neopol
itan Club. The club has been en
larged, new instruments have been
introduced, and plans for active and
regular work are being made. Miss
Sherwood is well known on the cam
pus and in Palo Alto as an instruc
tor of stringed instruments, and has
private pupils as well as being a
club leader. Under her direction the
club will be heard in concert Feb
ruary 13.
