# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
HACKEL'S
COFFEE SHOP
ON THE [ ] AND ON THE )
Invites and welcomes
the faculty and
students of
Stanford i
