# SOCCER SQUADS TO MEET ON MONDAY
## 
### 
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
Men on the freshman and varsity
soccer squads of the past season
will meet on tile soccer field at
4:15 o'clock Monday afternoon to
have their pictures taken for the
Quad. Charles Smith, senior man
ager of the past season, especially
requests that the men turn up, as
there was no soccer picture in last
year's Quad.
