# Reward of $25.00 Offered By Nestoria For Record Proof
## 
### 
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
Nestoria Debating Society recently
appointed a research committee,
S. G. Trimble, '22, for the purpose of
investigating the record of twenty-four
annual victories for the Euphronia So
ciety. The committee, after diligently
scrutinizing the Daily Palo Alto since
the founding of the University, finds no
mention in the files of the Daily of the
intersociety debate prior to 1915. They
therefore believe that the record accept
ed during the last several years is
founded on error.
A reward of $25.00 is offered by the
society to anyone who can prove the
often published record of twenty-four
victories.
