# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
CAPS
Direct from Scotland,
hand-made tweed caps,
stylish and comfortable.
Selected for the needs of
the student. All colors.
Price $2.25.
