# SOCIETY STRIVES TO KILL DISEASE
## EFFORT BEING MADE TO FIGHT TUBERCULOSIS. Alumnae Association to Cooperate With Red Cross Society in Campaign. 
### 
In an effort to stamp out the dread
scourge of tuberculosis at the source,
the San Jose branch of the Collegiate
Alumnae Association has joined hands
with the American Red Cross Society
and has inaugurated a campaign to
secure funds for the maintenance of
open-air schools and hospitals for per
sons predisposed to the disease. The
San Jose organization is taking charge
of the work in Santa Clara county and
is attempting to stamp out the dis
ease in this vicinity by developing the
powers of resistance of those persons
unfortunately inclined towards con
sumption.
To secure the necessary funds for
this laudable enterprise Red Cross
seals will be placed 011 sale through
out the county 011 December 1. These
seals will cost but one cent apice and
can be placed 011 the backs of all let
ters and packages sent through the
mail. All of the drugstores and book
stores of Palo Alto will handle the
seals and they can also be obtained at
Willard's art store. The Stanford
Bookstore will have the seals on sale
for the convenience of students and
other residents of the campus.

The movement towards the elimina
tion of tuberculosis is attaining wide
spread interest, and with cooperation,
great results are anticipated. One
eighth of the proceeds derived from
the sale of the seals is to be sent
back to the Red Cross Association in
Washington, D. C. to defray the ex
penses of printing, etc., while the re
mainder will be devoted by the Col
legiate Alumnae to the purpose in
hand.
The Christmas season was selected
for the disposal of the seals on ac
count of the cheer and the gift of
health which the expenditure of a few
cents on the part of their more for
tunate fellows will bring to those per
sons living in the dread shadow of
death from a purely preventable dis
ease.


lied Cross Stamps.
