# BRANCH READS PAPER ON SCIENTIFIC SUBJECT.
## 
### 
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
"Comparative Cosmogony" formed
the theme of discussion for the Philo
sophical Club at their meeting yester
day afternoon in room 430. The prin
cipal feature of the afternoon was a
scholarly paper on the above subject
by F. E. Brasch, the secretary of the
club. The essay consisted of a study
of the four principal theories which
have been advanced in regard to the
physical development of the solar sys
tem, tracing it from the period in
which it was a formless mass of gas
down to the present state of orderly
arrangement of sun, planets and sat
ellites.
