# MISS BRADFORD'S AUNT NAMED FOR NATIONAL CABINET
## 
### 
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
Mrs. Mary Bradford, aunt of the
present Dean of Women at Stanford,
Miss Harriet Bradford, is the first
woman to be mentioned for a position
in the cabinet of the President of the
United States. Mrs. Bradford, who is
at present State Superintendent ot'
Public Instruction in Colorado, is in
Washington endeavoring to secure the
passage of the Owen bill providing for
a Department of Education in the
government, with a secretary of ed
ucation in the cabinet. She has mad'?
a very favorable impression on public
men at Washington and is being men
tioned for this post should the bill be
passed.
The proposed new cabinet seat
would pay $12,000 a year and would
give the holder a four years' tenure.
Such a cabinet officer would hold
much the same position in education
the Secretary of the Interior does in
rational affairs.
