# To Address English Club.
## 
### 
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
S. T. Clover of Los Angeles will
address the English Clnh Tuesday
evening, March 11th, on "CJ radii -
ates of the l'ress." Jack London
will he the gnest of Mic clnh April
6th.
