# University Calendar.
## 
### 
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
March.
Leonora Jackson, violinist, Assem
bly Hall, sth.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
University Memorial day, 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, loth.
Gymnasium Club exhibition, 21st.
Sophomores vs. Ukiah, track meet,
campus, 22d.
Var.sity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Farce, Assembly Hall, 27th.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Interclass track meet, campus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
Dedication Memorial Church, Eas
ter, 30th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Freshmen vs. Nevada, track, Iteno,
sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Varsity vs. California, baseball,
Berkeley, 12th.
Antigone presentations, Assembly
Hall, 17th and 19th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, Stanford
vs. California, 19th.
Intercollegiate Debate, California
vs. Stanford, San Francisco,26th.
May.
Stanford vs. Washington, debate,
Assembly Hall, 2d.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
