# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
—Sir Henry Irving will give a
course of lectures on ''The Stage"
this year at the University of Mich
igan.—Cornell Sun.
