# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
— A full page of yesterday's Call
was devoted to extracts from the
winning speeches in the Lodi-Hum
boldt debate. The article was illus
trated by cuts of the members of
the Lodi team and of the Stanford
cup.
