# LAG LEMONADE PARTY
## 
### 
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Lagunita Court invites all on anf
off-campus women students and fac
ulty and administration women to a
lemonade party at 3 p.m. Sunday.
