# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


ACROSS
1 Archibald of the
NBA
5 H.S. subj.
8 West Indies
music
14 Author Haley
15 Old sailor
16 What squirrels
squirrel
17 First-class
18 Physicians'org.
19 Young pigs
20 Singing group
22 Holler
23 Dancing
companion
24 Former
27 Spoke with
drawn-out vowels
29 Can to a Brit
30 Picture puzzle
34 Towel word
35 Litter's littlest
36 Australian birds
37 Molts
39 Scent
40 Nail trimmer
41 Falsehood
42 Abrasive
material
43 Hospital wing
44 Baltic Sea
republic
47 Think seriously
and calmly
49 Series of boat
races
54 Puts in order
55 Distress calls
56 Immediately!
58 Prevent
59 Landed
60 Short, swordlike
weapon
61 Lyrical poem
62 Departed
63 Occupy one's
thoughts
completely
64 Shell propeller
65 Art print: abbr.
DOWN
1 Civil rights org.
2 Waikiki greeting
3 Male voice
4 Act vigorously
5 More trite

6 Shutterbug's
instrument
7 Writer Levin
8 Reckless quality
9 Resounded
10 Leave home
11 Feeling of
thankfulness
12 Social insect
13 Double curve
21 Common
conjunctions
22 Firm
25 One under legal
age
26 Item inserted in a
written record
28 Sajak's spin
30 Pass on (to)
31 Sociologist
Durkheim
32 Big, deep-voiced
croakers
33 Exploit
35 CD
-37 Oilskin raincoats
38 Clues
42 Uneasy

Solutions

44 Dealers in stolen
property
45 Spanish fleet
46 Closer
48 Actress Jessica
50 Familiar saying
51 Claw

52 Binding
53 Rayed flower
56 Fuss
57 Hunter of
Hollywood
58 Ghostly
comment


