# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
Tomorrow afternoon the Varsity
meets the University of Oregon in
what promises to he the best game
so far seen on the campus this sea
son. The visiting team is as re
gards Stanford practically an un
known quantity. However. the
showing made hy them against the
University of California last year,
when she was defeated hy a score
of 12-0, shows that they had a
strong team then, and judging from
reports the team this year is con
sidered even better, so that Oregon
will undoubtedly put up a strong
game. The series of games with
the smaller universities on this
Coast, ms arranged for this year,
is undoubtedly a step in liie right
direction, and every means should
be taken to encourage them in or
der to make such games an annual
event. Jn order to aid in this way,
every encouragement and courtesy
should he shown to the visitors and
they should be made to feel that
Stanford is ready and willing to
aid them in the effort to establish
a closer relation between the differ
ent institutions on the Coast.
