# Amendment Returns.
## 
### 
From the incomplete returns re
ceived so far, the S;tn Francisco
Chronicle announces that the Stan
ford amendment, lias a majority of
30,070 and is still ginning. How
ever, from reports received at the
University by members of the

Amendment Club, a much larger
majority than that even is counted.
So far the only county that has sent
in adverse returns is Humboldt,
and though the complete returns
have not been received it is very
probable that the amendment will
lie defeated in that county, though
the vote will be very close. The
vote in this county will not be
known until the election returns
have been officially canvassed, as
the precinct officials did not send
in any returns on the amendments,
but there is no doubt that this
county will roll up a large major
ity. The official returns for the
whole State will probably be made
public next week and the exact
majority will then be known.
