# A.F. WILSON GIVES UP CAPTAINCY FOR AVIATION TRAINING
## 
### 
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
Stanford track hopes had no sooner
fiared with the news of victory over
the Olympic Club than they again
dropped with the report that Track
Captain A. F. Wilson, *18, had been
summoned into the service. Wilson
received word yesterday to report at
San Pedro on April 8, and so was
forced to leave at once. Wilson en
listed in naval aviation some time
ago. but anticipated being able to re
main for the big meet on April 13.
Wilson was a member of Encina
Club, Quadrangle Club, secretary of
the student body last quarter and
president this quarter on the resig
nation of 11. R. Hertel, '18. He was
likewise president of the Civil En
gineering society.
