# Templeton Visits Farm; Predicts Track Victory
## 
### 
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
"Dink" Templeton, ex-'IS, former
varsity track and Rugby star, was on
the campus today on leave from the
aviation school at Berkeley. He will
complete his course at the ground
school in a few more weeks and will
be transferred elsewhere to a iiying
school.
Speaking of the coming track meet
with California, Templeton said that
he had watched the Blue and Gold
men in action during his stay at
Berkeley and prophesies a victory
for Stanford.
