# COMMITTEE ANNOUNCES SEQUOIA DANCE PLANS
## 
### 
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
Novel decorations including: a large
flashing block "S" in the lobby and
special programs in the form of mem
ory books will mark the annual winter
quarter Sequoia informal to be held
Friday, January 28, at Sequoia Hall,
announced Gus Mack, chairman of the
dance committee.
Arrangements are now practically
complete and bids may be obtained
Vern E. King, slirdlurdlurafwyptaoimf
for $2 50 each from any one of the
committee consisting of James C. Pur
cell, Donald A. Murray, and Vern E.
King, and the chairman.
