# Big "C" Painted 30 Times Cardinal Hue Scores Most Blue, Green Coats Found
## 
### 
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
In the same manner that a forester
discovers the age of a tree, the exact
number of the successive decorations
received by California's Big "C" has
been determined.
The forester counts rings; on the
"C" it was necessary to count coats.
Half an inch of alternating colors, the
results of thirty raids on the emblem
in the last 21 years, was chipped off
by two student investigators at Cali
fornia, Monday.
Geological knowledge entered into a
compilation of the different colors.
Red predominates in the strata, there
being approximately 27 coats of the
cardinal color. Blue, blamed on St.
Mary's students, is represented by one
layer, while gi'een, attributed to Ore
gon Aggies, appears twice in the early
layers of pigment.
