# Zoology Club Will Meet At Community House
## 
### 
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
The Zoology Club will meet tonight
at the Community House In Palo Alto
at 8 o'clock. Following the meeting
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will talk on "Ex
p< Mmental Work on Young Salmon in
the Klamath River."
