# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
Announcement in last evening's Daily
J'alo Alto that the president of Kncina
Club refused permission to the fresh
man class to use the Kncina Clul> floor
for the jolly-up Saturday night it is
feared left the wrong impression. Per
mission to use the floor was refused,
because the new floor is not in condi
tion for usage yet, being still only in
completely polished. The refusal was
for purely practical reasons.
