# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
Q
CIFTS FOR ALL
CCCASIONS
©
J. |AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
