# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
HARRIET
HUBBARD
AYER
j * j3|
r %.
\K / •if
( l i
I ,; 1
/ |j|
Jwyp
REFRESH
YO U R SKIN
WITH AYER SKIN LOTION
Pat on this fresh-as
spring Shin Lotion l>y
Harriet Hubbard Aycr.
Instantly your skin will
feci revived and delight
fully refreshed.
.85; 1.65
HINK'S • PALO ALTO
