# Book Co-op Nets $90 in Two Days
## 
### 
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
The Co-operative Book Exchange
announces that its sales for yester
day and Saturday totaled $90. The
board of directors for the Exchange
will meet tonight at 8 o'clock to
decide when sales rebates are to be
distributed.
Books in greatest demand are Eco
nomics I and II texts, "Tovaritch,"
and "Quinze Conteurs." Students
owning any of these books who
wish to sell them should turn them
in at Room 15, Old Union, imme
diately, according to Mary Alice Ad
kins, manager of the Book Exchange.
Law books still available include
Stetson's "Cases and Other Materials
on Administrative Tribunals" and
Morgan and Maguire's "Cases on
Evidence."
