# GUN CLUB WINNER
## 
### 
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
Breaking 91 out of 100, Harry
Herkelson walked away with top
honors in the Golden Gate Gun
Club shoot over the week-end on
the Alameda traps. In the 60-bird
event, G. Meyers broke 47 and J.
Ornbaum led in the 25 event.
