# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
ORCHESIS meets tonight at 7:15
o'clock in the Dance Studio. Ev
eryone who is to be in the dance
concert must be present.
DEBATE CLUB meets at 4:15 o'clock
this afternoon in the Memorial
Theater auditorium.
AFTERNOON BRIDGE group of the
Stanford Dames meets at the home
of Mrs. Allen K. Smith, 533 Yale
Street, at 2 o'clock today.
KLAHOYA CLUB will have lunch
today in the Women's Clubhouse
at 12 o'clock.
STANFORD DAMES cooking group
meets at 8 o'clock tonight at 711
Salvatierra.
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS in
terested in a boxing manager's
position should apply at the box
ing room any day this week after
4 o'clock.
QUAD BUSINESS STAFF will meet
tomorrow evening at 7:15 o'clock
at the Quad office. All members
of the circulation, advertising, and
office staffs must attend.
