# Card Baseballers Win First Game
## 
### 
Though few people know it, Stan
ford's baseball teams has won its
first game of the 1939 season and is
warmed up for its second encoun
ter tomorrow. On Tuesday the Card
nine turned back Gaddini's All-
Stai's from San Francisco with only
three hits, taking the game 3-2.
Friday they will face Frank Keen
ey's All-Stars, a team of former
coast and big league players. The
contest will start at 3:15 o'clock in
the sunken diamond.
"If they piay like that during the
conference schedule they'll win
plenty of games," said Coach Harry
Wolters concerning his team's play
against the Caddini outfit. Wolter's
was especially pleased by the per
formance of his pitchers and catch
ers.
