# Foil and Mask Evening.
## 
### 
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
The Foil and Mask exhibition
tomorrow evening will be h very
informal affair, and is open to all
members of the University. The
instructive bout by Mr. Babine will
be interesting and will make clear
ihe work of the evening. The duel
announced will lie realistic and
will have all the accompaniments
of a true life and death encounter.
The proposed bout between the two
Japanese will also be of interest
considering the number of students
of that nationality who are in the
University.
