# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
The Cashier’s Office at En
cina Hall will he open from
91 for the duration of the
quarter. For the first two
weeks of the quarter only,
the office is open from 8-5.
