# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
sA
ffe
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
