# Palo Altans Send Telegram to FDR
## 
### 
A group of 68 Palo Alto residents
sent a telegram Tuesday to Presi
dent Roosevelt supporting the poli
cies of the Fight for Freedom Com
mittee of which Senator Carter Glass
is chairman. The telegram, main
taining that "Hitler has declared war
on the democracies," urges the
President to "declare a state of na
tional emergency."
The Palo Alto group advocates the
convoying of goods into combat
zones, the breaking off of all diplo
matic relations with aggressor na
tions, the apprehension of all fifth
columnists, and the "use of our
armed forces under our own flag to
control the whole North Atlantic
area."
Included in the group were Dr.
Russell V. Lee and Stanford Pro
fessors Chilton Bush, Theodore
Kreps, J. B. Channing, Stanley Mor
rison, and Gordon Ferris.
