# Medical Aptitude Test Given This Afternoon
## 
### 
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
The Medical Aptitude Test of the
Association of American Medical
Colleges will be given today at 2
p.m. in Room 214. It is required of
all applicants for Medical School,
and anyone planning to apply for
entrance in the autumn of 1942
should take the test at this time. A
fee of $1 will be collected at the
time of the test.
