# CORNELL ALUMNAE LUNCH
## 
### 
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
The Stanford Union will be the
meeting place Saturday for a lunch
eon of the Cornell University Wom
en's Club of Northern California.
The meeting, to which all Cornell
women in the vicinity are invited,
will be at 12:15 p.m. Mrs. Helen
Miller (P.A. 313G) has charge of
reservations.
