# Indians Bowl In Tournament
## 
### 
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
Conspicuously named the College
Bowling Classic, a tournament be
tween eight college teams through
out California' will be run off this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday in the
Indian Bowl with Stanford acting as
the host team.
Two U.S.C., San Mateo, and Stan
ford teams, and one Salinas and one
Yuba junior college teams complete
the entry list. Four teams bowl Fri
day and the remaining four bowl
Sunday to decide the team cham
pionship, not by elimination but by
the best five-man team score.
On Saturday and Sunday the best
double teams and best singles per
former will compete for individual
and dual honors. The schedule is as
follows:

Friday at 8 p.m.:
Yuba J.C. bowls with U.S.C. II
U.S.C. I bowls with Stanford I
Sunday at 8 p.m.:
San Mateo Bulldogs bowl with
Stanford II
Salinas J.C. bowls with San Ma
teo Bull pups
