# Mrs. Hoover Off On Journey Home
## 
### 
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover has left New
York and started back to Stanford
where she is expected to arrive in
about two weeks. En route, she is
attending several Girl Scout con
ferences in Idaho, Wyoming and the
Dakotas. Mrs. Hoover is honorary
vice-president of the organization.
Ex-President Hoover is still in the
East where he expects to remain
until time for the dedication of the
Hoover Library on War, Revolution
and Peace, scheduled for June 20.
