# DELIA GAMMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Lucille Thomas, '44, to
Delta Gamma.
