# Bigelow to Speak To-morrow.
## 
### 
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
Poultney Bigelow.the well-known
writer and war correspondent, now
of the department of jurisprudence
in Boston University, will give a
free lecture to the students of the
University in Assembly Hall to
morrow at 3:30 o'clock. The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Ameri
can Expansion in the Pacific."
