# Y.M.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
A regular meeting of the Young
Men's Christian Association will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 4:30
o'clock in room 23, quad. The
principal address will he made by
H. F. Henderson, '06, upon the
subject, ''Work to Be Done." All
University students interested in
the work of the association are in
vited to attend.
