# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
Student body tickets only, and not
season tickets, as was stated in The
Daily Palo Alto last evening, will be
required from students using the new
swimming pool.
