# SONGS AND YELLS WANTED
## Executive Committee Urges Students to Submit Songs and Yells for big Game 
### 
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
So far but little interest has been
shown by the student body in the
prizes offered by the Executive Com
mittee to the writers of the best yell
and sons to be used at the Stanford-
Santa Clara same. Hut one sting baa
been turned in, and no yells whatever
have been forthcoming. A prize of ten
dollars will be given to the writer of
the best song while five dollars will
go to the producer of the best yell.
Songs and yells must be submitted to
Yell Leader J. H. Goodman, "lfi, be
fore October 10.
