# Tennis Team Tops Pepperdine, 6-3, After Norcal Win
## 
### 
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
Coach Bob R en k e r ' s tennis
team whipped Pepperdine College
0-3 Thursday in spite of the ab
sence of No. 1 net ter Jack Doug
las and No. 2 man Brooks Raw
lins.
In singles, Gilbert White, Low
ell Carruth, Bob Bowderi, Bob
Prince and Dick Gould posted vic
tories, with White and Dave Nel
son winning the sixth point in
doubles.
When the Northern California
Intercollegiates ended on March
9, Stanford had compiled 17
points- the highest team total in
the Jl-year history of the meet.
Both finalists in both singles and
doubles were Indian racket swing
ers.
In singles, Douglas spotted
Rawlins a 0-4 first set, then
turned on the juice to win going
away at 4-6, 6-0. 0-0.
doubles final produced an
upset as second seeded Rawlins |
and White toppled Nelson and
Douglas in three long deuce sets.
