# Sophs to Sponsor Reg Dance Tonight
## 
### 
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
Tho first Spring Registration
Danoo in several years will hp
hold tonight in tho Pavilion, from
0 to 1. Dress is Quad clothes, and
tho tariff is $1.25 a couple.
Rill Reynolds and his orchestra
will provide music, and Al Har
rington. Shelly Fayo, Betsy Flint
and a group of Dixielanders from
the Sigma Chi house will offer
entertainment.
The dance is sponsored this
quarter by tho sophomore class.
Dave Ellison, Kappa Sig. is chair
man.
