# Furillo Will Bring Suit
## 
### 
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
NEW YORK (/Pi — The New
York Post, in a telephone inter
view with Carl Furillo, learned
yesterday the veteran outfielder
had refused to accept his release
from the Los Angeles Dodgers
and is considering suing the club
for his full year's salary.
Furillo told Milton Gross, Post
columnist, that on the advice of
his lawyer, he has refused to ac
cept the 30-day severance pay due
him under the terms of the con
tract he signed last January. In
stead of paying the customary $1
for his release, he handed Dodger
General Manager Buzzie Bavasi a
letter which stated in legal form
that his right leg was injured in
performance of his duties as a
Dodger.
Furillo told Gross a player can
not be released if he has not re
covered from such an injury and
the lawyer will so advise Commis
sioner Ford Frick.
