# Glee Club Prepares For Appearance at Big Game
## 
### 
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
Making its first appearance in his
tory during half time of the Big \
Game this year, Stanford Glee club
prepares for the occasion Monday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the old ,
Women's Gym.
To improve the quality of the
Stanford singing, the glee club will
lead songs, add color by marching
with the band. All former members j
of the club, not enrolled this quar
ter, are urged to attend the Monday
meeting. '
