# TROJAN MITE MOLDS BIG TACKLE
## 
### 

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)

Irvine "Cotton" Warburton, sensation Southern California quarter,
back, demonstrates one of the ways he earned the reputation of being
a mighty mite by carrying 215.pound Al Coughlin, tackle. The plati*
nurn blond quarter weighs 145 pounds. (Associated Press Photo)
