# Shake-Up
## 
### 
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
The New York News yesterday
reported a new Bourbon political
alignment; (1) Woodin's resignation
as treasury secretary and naming of
Raskob to succeed him; (2) resig
nation of Jesse Isidor Straus as
French ambassador and appointment
of Senator Royal Copeland as his
successor; (3) naming by N.Y. Gov
ernor Lehman of A1 Smith to the J
senate post; (4) designation of Far
ley as the next Democratic candi
date for governor of New York.
Those changes: Result of a
"friendly visit' of Al Smith with
F.D.R.
