# STARS OF THE RED RAIDERS
## 
### 

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)

Another fast, smooth working Colgate eleven, clicking with the same
effectiveness as last year's unbeaten, untied team, is running rough
shod over the eastern gridirons. Among the stars who are supplying
plenty of Colgate's scoring punch are Quarterback Charley Soleau, a
heady field general, and Capt. Winnie Anderson, brilliant end. (Asso-
Press Photo)
