# Now Ex-Princess
## 
### 

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)

Mary McCormic, opera star, as
she appeared in a Los Angeles
court seeking a divorce from her
husband, Prince Serge M'Divani,
member of the "marrying M'Div
anis'". It was granted as she
dropped provisions for separate
maintenance or alimony. (Assoc*'
ated Press Photo)
