# APPROPRIATE MUSIC
## 
### 
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
Saturday, some lew remember,
Stanford's large Red Machine moved
through S.C.'s Wonder Team, mowed
down for-so-long Champion. _ Next
morning, Warren D. Allen, consci
entious University organist, changed
the announced music for Memorial
Churches usual, Palo Alto attended
Sunday services, substituted for the
regular processional, "Lo, the Might*'
Have Fallen."
