# No More Monitors at Present.
## 
### 
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
Professor R. L. Green stated to
day that the Student Affairs Com
mittee has appointed no more proc
tors for Encina Hall, and that for
the present no attempts will be
made in that direction. The com
mittee has received no further res
ignations from those already ap
pointed.
