# Euphronia Literary Society.
## 
### 
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
The following program will be
presented to-morrow evening: Im
promptu debate by four members.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That a
reasonable property qualification
for the exercise of the municipal
franchise in the United States is
desirable": affirmative, W. C.
Shelton, '08, C. R. Pierce, '06; neg
ative, R. H. Borland, '08, L. M.
Edwards, '07.
