# Tough Ending
## 
### 
November 11,2007
Candice Wiggins hits two free throws with
under a second left to give Stanford its first
major victory of the season: a 60-58 win over
No. 3 Rutgers in New Jersey
November 18,2007
In arguably Stanford's most exciting game of
the year, Melanie Murphy hits a three-pointer
with under a second left to force overtime
against Utah. Jayne Appel finishes with 30
points, 20 rebounds and six blocks as the
Cardinal ekes out a 81 -77 win in double
overtime.
December 22,2007
In the final game before Pac-10 play, Stanford
defeats future finals opponent No. 1

lennessee in overtime, 73-69.
January 4-6,2008
Stanford's low point of the season comes on
their Los Angeles road trip, as they lose to
unranked UCLA and USC. The losses drop
Stanford out of the top spot in the Pac-1 0,
and they work the rest of the season to regain
their position. These two games also serve as
a "wake up call" of sorts, 6s Stanford recog
nizes its weaknesses and works endlessly to fix
them. The Cardinal would not lose again for
over three months.
January 31, 2008
Candice Wiggins breaks Kate Starbird's

