# MOSHE MALKIN
## 
### 
Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

Engineering/Electrical

There are
many things
that are
wrong with
the gradu
ate student
life at Stan-

ford. I would like to serve on the GSC to work
with colleagues on fixing some of these pressing
issues. The most important thing is to be able to
quickly allocate funds for student activities.
Today it is a long and difficult process and it
would drastically improve graduate student life if
student groups could secure funds without all the
hassle one has to go through today. There should
be many more student activities on campus given
the exorbitant fees all of us pay every year and I
intend to see to it if elected to the GSC.

The follow students are also candidates for the
Graduate Student Council, but did not submit re
sponses to The Daily.
George Bloom
Justin Brown
Michelle Brown
Aleksandra Korolova
Andrew Park
Ryan Peacock
Polina A. Segalova
Rick Thielke

