# NOTICE!
## 
### 
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
Services will be held at the Stan
ford chapel at 11 o'clock every Sun
day, beginning October 2. Dr. Gard
ner will officiate.
