# From Under Cover
## 
### 
Stanford, 1-13-15.
Dea,r Mother. —This is going to be
short and sweet, because I am study
ing very hard these days, and there is
lots going on at night. Last night I
was invited to my major professor's
house, and he gave me a talk on the
temptations that confront a college
man. He said the temptations that
confront a college man are many, and
therefore no college man should be
made to worry about his finances. "If
possible his parents should give him a
liberal allowance," lie said, "and an
occasional gift of a check will be more
than welcome, for to be short of
change at college means a conse
quently decreased mental ability, due
to worrying over money matters." But
don't take him too seriously, mother.
I think he exaggerated a little. Those
woolen socks and those pink foot
warmers came today by parcel post.
Thanks. But I don't think I need them
now. One of the sophomores said that
locking the door at night has been
known to cure cold feet. Do you be
lieve that? I have not flunked any
exams as yet, but do not worry. Ke
member that charity begins at home.
Your loving
SONNY.
S. P.—That hot-water bag Aunt.
Rose gave me has sprung a leak. Shall
I take it to a garage or to a plumber?
