# French Club Meet Tuesday.
## 
### 
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
The French Club will hold its first
meeting Tuesday, .Tanun.ry, the nine
teenth. at the home of Professor Gro
jcan.
H. A. llnldcn, *L"», Dies in New York
H. A. Holden, ex-'l5, died in Glen
Falls, New York, December 20, from
blood poisoning, resulting from an at
tack of appendicitis, which be con
tracted wh'le on a geology trip last
summer. He was in the Peninsula
Hospital three months before he was
taken east in November. Death or>
cured after the fourth opperation.
Tlolden was registered in Ihc Geology
and Mining department, and made hi«
home in Palo Alto
