# Miller Attends Economics Convention
## 
### 
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
Assistant Professor S. 1. Miller, of
the Economics Department, and now
snecializing at. Harvard University i"
"Transportation." attended the meet
ing of the American Economics Asso
ciation at Princeton during the holi
days. Miller will return to Stanford
next fall, and will give courses in
"Transportation."
