# TREMOR KILLS THOUSANDS
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
United Press Telegraphic Report
ROME, Jan. 14.—The death list of
yesterday's quake in the province of
Abruzzi was placed last night at ap
proximately 20,000 by official reports.
Several trainloads of refugees have
reached here. All tell terrible tales
of suffering and hardship in the vari
ous towns, of which Avezzano is the
center. It is declared that practical
ly every house in this city and the
surrounding district is in ruins.
Hundreds of maimed and mutilated
bodies are in plain sitiht. In the cen
ter of the earthquake zone, the Lake
Fucino region, according to the .refu
gee.es, at least twenty cities and towns
have been completely destroyed. Ad
vices from Salandra, according to the
Vatican, indicate that between twenty
and thirty thousand are homeless, and
all are suffering severely. Although
troops are assisting where supplies

are needed, orders have been issued
to hold up all refugee trains, p.-nding
the moving of food, fuel and other
supplies. Accurate figures are im
possible to obtain, according to Pre
mier Salandra, who is in direct charge
of the relief work, and will remain
unknown until communications are
re-established.

ROME, Jan. 14.—Another shock of
perceptible strength occured at three
o'clock this morning. It created a pan
'c. and many rushed into the streets in
thei,r night clothing. As far as is
known it did no additional damage.
