# FRESHMAN CLASS ELECTS OFFICERS FOR NEW YEAR
## 
### 
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
P. G. Towner, was elected president,
of the Freshman class yesterday at its
meeting.
The Freshmen were strongly advised
against giving a vaudeville show dur
ing this semester by Mrs. Allen, Dean
of Women.
The other officers of the class are:
E. M. Ford, vice-president: Miss Hes
ter Robinson, secretary, and N. R.
Allen, treasurer.
