# Untitled Article
## 
### 
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
- Forty men tried-out for the debatln
team of Illinois University tills year.
