# Slavs Abandon River Crossing.
## 
### 
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
VTENNA. .Tan. 14.—1t is stated that,
the attempts of the Russians to cross
the river Nida have been abandoned,
following the suffering of extremely
heavy losses. At other points the
fighting is of minor importance.
