# Cupid to the Fore.
## 
### 
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
Miss Florence Forbes. '00. was re- j
cently married to Levant Brown, of
Manila, at Manila, P. I. Mrs. Brown
is a member of Gamma Phi Beta, and
was prominent in social and college
activities. They will reside in the I
Philippine Islands.
