# Farm TV Show To Feature 'Soap'
## 
### 
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
"The Housewives' Battlefront —
Soaps and Detergents" will be the
title of the television show to he
offered by Stanford at 1:30 p.m. to
day in "Operation Education" over
KRON-TV.
Dr. Eric Hutchinson of the Stan
ford Chemistry Department faculty
will he featured on the program,
which will show housewives the
scientific background of soaps and
detergents and take them into the
laboratory to see demonstrations of
strengths and weaknesses of the two
types of cleaning materials.
