# Crew Begins New Work, Must Get Some Help
## 
### DICK KLEIN 
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
After a very successful and en
joyable weekend in the Southland,
where they placed behind Cal, the
Stanford crew settled down to some
more hard work. Yesterday both the
varsity and third boats spent most
of the morning shaking out all the
stiffness from the long trip back.
From now on, as far as the top
boating is concerned, the oarsmen
will be pulling toward their next
race, which is four weeks away.
On May 12 the Indians will head for
the Northwest and hook into a
three-way clash with the defending
national champion Washington Hus
kies and the top contending Golden
Bears.
Financial Need
Besides beginning to gear them
selves for the longer distances and
increasing their ability to work at
the higher beats, the weeks ahead
must include a more concerted ef
fort to raise some money. The trip
to the Washington Regatta and even
the nationals at Marietta will have
to be forgotten unless more funds
are raised soon.
So far, the drive has been handled
through letters, written to inter
ested persons out of the Association
file. Campaign slogan is "Pull an

Oar." Donors are given honorary
membership in the Association for
1950-51.
Looking back over the past week
end, team members thought the
whole Newport Regatta was a huge
success. The accommodations at the
Balboa Bay Club were excellent,
and the food was plentiful. Best fea
ture was the perfect 2,000 - meter
course, which many consider the
finest in the country. It is sheltered
and perfectly straight. Although
very windy the whole weekend, the
water was fairly calm and there is
little tide.
Next scheduled race will be with
UCLA tliis weekend. Both the jay
vees and the frosh will leave for Los
Angeles. The races will be held on
Bologna Creek.
