# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
A severe epidemic ot' typhoid has
been prevalent at the University of
Oregon recently.
