# Pakistan Relief
## 
### 
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
The American Red Cross has
initiated a nationwide fund-raising
drive to assist the victims of the
East Pakistan cyclone and tidal
wave which caused what some
observers call "the worst natural
disaster in world history." The Red
Cross says that some three million
persons are in dire need of aid.
Contributions or offers of help
should be sent to "American Red
Cross—East Pakistan Relief Fund"
at the International Center, Ext.
4465.
