# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.0(J up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Levins; Razor Straps from
'25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' a'nd gents',
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,!
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness:
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand !
and made to order. Carrel's Har-|
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo i
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 86.
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.0(J up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Levins; Razor Straps from
'25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' a'nd gents',
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,!
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness:
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand !
and made to order. Carrel's Har-|
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo i
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 86.
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.0(J up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Levins; Razor Straps from
'25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' a'nd gents',
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,!
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness:
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand !
and made to order. Carrel's Har-|
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo i
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 86.
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.0(J up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Levins; Razor Straps from
'25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' a'nd gents',
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,!
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness:
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand !
and made to order. Carrel's Har-|
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo i
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 86.
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.0(J up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
up; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 85c. up, with -traps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
Hoc. up; Levins; Razor Straps from
'25c. up; Gloves from 85c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' a'nd gents',
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 25c.
Riding Saddles; Pack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,!
Carts, etc., from $15 up. Harness:
from $5 up. Whips 10c. up. Any
thing in the Leather line on hand !
and made to order. Carrel's Har-|
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo i
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 86.
