# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
YOU RE LOOKING
OVER
<1 fine hamburger
when you order
n
Barburger
for 35c
Lee Townsersd plays the
piano, Friday, Saturday,
and Sunday
at
