# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
Hank Luisetti had a three-year
conference scoring average of 17
points per game.
