# Duranle Will Star In Sunday Movies
## 
### 
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
"Palooka,' 7G minutes of old-time
antics ol Jimmy (Schnozzola) Du
rante, will be the Sunday Evening
Movie Series feature this week, ac
cording to movie manager Bob Kin
singer. Helping to prove the
Schnozzle's claim, "I got a million
of 'em," is old-time comedian Stew
art Irwin.
Episode* eight and nine of Tom
Mix in that thrilling saga of inter
national war agents and Western
justice, "The Miracle Rider," will be
shown.
Admission is 20 cents. The show
begins at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial
Auditorium.
