# Sports Shorts
## 
### 
Men's tennis: Yesterday's
Stanford-San Jose State
match was postponed due to
rain. Play will resume today
at 1:30 p.m. In the event of
further rain, the match will
be played tomorrow at the
same time. And if the rain
keeps on a comin', the event
will be pushed back to March
3, also at 1:30 p.m. The unde
feated Cardinal is currently
No. 3 in the country.
Baseball: Field conditions
permitting, Stanford will
face the University of the
Pacific today at 2 p.m. on
Sunken Diamond. Monday's
rained-out game between the
No. 10 Cardinal (5-3) and Cal
State-Los Angeles will not be
re-scheduled.
