# Adv. 27 Page 10
## 
### 
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
Ring Sale
UP TQ)
A RT(7I RV E D
cm i PC* jfwf lry
• Representative will be
in front of the
Bookstore, Monday,
February 4th —
Friday, February Bth,
10-4 pm
• Ask about our
additional savings
• Stop by for a valentine
treat
STANFORD
BookstorE
