# Sing Entries Due by May 18
## 
### 
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
All entries for the Srping Sing,
June 1, must be in the A.S.S.U. of
fice by Friday of this week, May 18,
or the living group cannot partici
pate in the annual Sing to be held
in the Frost Memorial Amphithea
ter, announced Martha Austin. Car
dinals member ?nd Sing chairman.
Miss Austin also stated that none
of the men's living groups have
signed up yet, and that it would be
more interesting to have them in the
competition. Songs must be regis
tered by this date so that changes
may be made in cases of duplica
tion. Women's groups must have at
least 25 singers! and no instruments
may be used. A fee of 50 cents is
payable at the time of registration.
Ric Supple is emcee for the Sing.
The program will be judged by six
faculty members ont the basis of
group appearance, type and ar
rangement of selections, and tonal
quality.
