# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.

By United Press
A stark example of results of five
years in (he Nazi prison camp at
Dossel, Germany, this man ex
changes his lice-infested garments
for fresh clothing provided by U.
£. First Army unit after the Yanks
took the camp. Approximately 3000
prisoners, mostly Poles, were found
here in various stages of starva
tion.
