# PRESIDENT TRUMAN
## 
### 
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
President Harry S. Truman is the
only President of the United States
ever to be born in the month of
May, investigations have hevealed.
