# Dean of Biz School To Attend Meeting
## 
### 
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
J. Hugh Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, will
attend two conferences in the East
next week.
A past president of Kiwanis Inter
national, the dean will attend the
club's annual Council meeting Oct.
24-26 in Chicago. .
He will then participate in a spe
cial conference of business school
deans Oct. 27-29 at Columbia Uni
versity.
