# WOMEN'S POOL HOURS
## 
### 
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
Open hours at the women's pool
this week end will be from 1 to 4
p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Wo
men students and their guests are
welcome.
