# Card Coach Shakes Up Starting 11
## 
### 
Coach Chuck Taylor made three
changes for tomorrow's starting
line-up in yesterday's practice ses
sion.
John Brodie, Carl Isaacs, and Jeri
McMillin were named to the starting
eleven in the encounter against
once-beaten Washington at Seattle.
Brodie, who replaces Jerry Gus
tafson at the quarterback spot, won
the starting berth by completing 17
of 28 passes against UCLA last week.
Isaacs, left end, and McMillin,
right half, both saw plenty of duty
against the Bruins. They replace
lanky John Stewart and little Ernie
Dorn, respectively.
John Stanton, sub tackle, missed
yesterday's drills because of an in
ured knee. Taylor expects the big
lineman to play, however.
The Cards practiced punting, and
place-kicking in the early part of
the drills. No pads were worn and
no contact work was undergone
during the practice.
