# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
W^isJberjs
MONTH END
SALE OF
DRESSES
y 4 Off
•
Dresses for Daytime or
Evening — Crepes, Ace
tates, Prints — Sizes for
Misses and Women.
Many late Spring arrivals
among them.
