# Co-ed [illegible] Club Will Start Meets
## 
### 
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
Competing for t;he first time since
its organization, (be Stanford Wom
en's Riding Club-rwill meet the San
Mateo Women's Riding Club next
Saturday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
riding pen at 1:30. Visitors are wel
come. )
Eight girls fromi the junior col
lege, who will be entertained at
lunch at Lagunita Court, will face a
Cardinal team including Betty Put
nam, Evelyn Peytori, Birdie Boyle,
Esther Pelton, Marijan Palmer, Mar
tha Hall, Rita Szekieres, and Marjul
MeCormack.
Certain species of ants kill (heir
fellows if they refuse to share their
food supply in time of war with
o(her (ribes.
