# DELTA CHI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Dan Parker, '38; Jim Hop
kins, 'IJB, and Bill Faxon, '40.
