# Workers' School Delegates Named
## 
### 
Four Stanford students were
named yesterday to attend the fifth
annual Western Workers Summer
School at the University of Califor
nia in July and August. They are
Eleanor Eddy, graduate woman,
Elizabeth Watkins, and Robert El
kus, juniors, and Didi Vibert, soph
omore.
The summer school is held for six
weeks each year to give industrial
workers an opportunity to get an
education that will be of use to
them in their jobs. A few repre
sentatives from each coast college
also attend.
On the committee which selected
the Representatives from Stanford
were: Miss Elizabeth Lam, Y.W.C.A.
secretary; Mrs. Alice Bodle, assistant
dean of women; Dean Mary Yost;
Professor Charles Barker of the his
tory department; Professor John
Dunlop in the economics depart
ment; Frances Eichelbcrger and
Frances Strong, Stanford's repre
sentatives at the school last sum
mer.
