# LEMMON DRAFTED
## 
### 
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
Of the six men to be drafted by
the Palo Alto Draft Board No. 112
to fill the August 4 quota, John
Vincent Lemmon, law graduate from
Sacramento, is the only Stanford
student.
