# OPENED IN 1891
## 
### 
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
Leland Stanford Junior Univer
sity opened in 1891 with 559 stu
dents.
