# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
New Lacy Detail
on Your Favor
ite "Finefit"
Slip
by
TRILLIUM
You'll love the luxurious
fit and feel of this
streamlined slip. 32 to
40. Opal or tearose.
$2.50
355 University Ave.
