# HYGIENE LECTURE
## 
### 
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
Tonight at 7:30 following their
house meetings, freshmen women
are asked to attend a lecture on
hygiene which will be held in the
Education Auditorium. Dr. Bertha
Shedd Mason, a practicing physician
in San Jose and a member of the San
Jose State Teacher's College, will
speak. The lecture, which will last
approximately three-fourths of an
hour, is sponsored by the YWCA.
