# President Opens War Chest Drive
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 (UP).—
President Roosevelt opens the na
tion's war chest and community
chest campaign throughout the
country tonight with a short radio
statement.
The program, scheduled for 10:30
p.m. EWT., will be carricd on all
the major networks. Mr. Roosevelt
will be preceded on the air by the
Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra
under the direction of Eugene Or
mandy.
