# Academic Council Grants 74 Degrees
## 
### 
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
A total of 71 students were
granted Bachelor of Arts degrees
by the Academic Council Friday
evening, culminating a summer's
work.
The largest number of graduates
was in the Department of Eco
nomics, with 11 candidates ap
proved, while the School of En
gineering was second with 9
graduates.
A complete list of those granted
the degrees may be found on
page 2.
