# Union Entertains Lagunita Excom
## 
### 
Members of Union Excom will en
tertain Lagunita Excom at tea be
tween 3:30 p.m. and 5 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house tomorrow, Betsy Savage,
chairman of the tea, announced yes
terday.
Chairmen of the committees are:
invitations, Carole Torreson; re
freshments, Babette Coblentz and
Jackie Jardine; hostesses and serv
ing, Virginia Hobbs; setup, Jeanne
Wallace; and cleanup, Jo Davis and
Betty Randle; and flowers, Betsy
Savage.
Serving on Miss Hobbs' committee
are Alice Collins, Lucy Vance, Pat
Thompson, and Betty Bernhard.
Carole Torreson and Mary A 1 Smith
are serving on the setup committee.
Jo Davis, Marianne Shipley, and
P-tty Lou Horton will pour.
