# Engagement
## 
### 
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nan Cerini, '55, to
Jerry Fairley, '54.
