# Well Known Graduate Returns to California
## 
### 
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
Ben S. Allen, '07, one of Stanford's
best known alumni, has recently re
turned to California from Washing
ton, D. C. Mr. Allen was Publicity
Manager for Herbert Hoover in the
Food Administration, as well as Mr.
Hoover's best and most trusted exe
cutive.
Mr. Allen, before the war was a
newspaper man, has come back to his
native state for the purpose of buy
ing a paper here. He is at present
engaged in a deal with one of the
oldest Sacramento newspapers, which
will probably be his final choice. He
expects to be present at the big re
union which will be a part of Com
mencement Week.
