# BOLSHEVEEK ROB AND IMPRISON F.J. TAYLOR
## 
### 
Frank J. Taylor, 'lii, wiio lias been
one of the prominent Stanford men
working overseas, was recently sub
ject to an exciting experience, when
he was the victim of a robbery by
the Bolsheveek in Russia. Frank
Taylor has been in the United Press
service in Berlin for some time, and
has recently been specializing in Bol
shevism, so journeyed to llussia for
better first-hand information.
Knowledge of his robbery came
through two telegrams received by the
United Press, May 23, which read,
"Escaped Bolsheviki after being rob
bed of everything. Now in Finnish
detention camp in Terrijoki." The
next telegram received the same day
read, "Have been releasd and am pro
ceding to Berlin."
Taylor has had some very narrow
escapes while acting as press cor
respondent including his adventures
with the mob riots in Berlin immedi
ately after the armistice was signed.
