# Hasting's Trophy Fight Nears End
## 
### 
Only three matches remain to be
played in the Hasting's Trophy Tour
nament. With the final match of this
tournament the curtain falls on of
ficial tennis at Stanford this year.
The prospect for an unusually good
team next year is very bright, and
Captain Paul Kinney was a wealth
of exceptional material to choose
from, for the freshman team this
year was almost equal to the varsity.
It had, among its members such
players as "Jim" Davies, '22, and
"Phil" Neer, '22, who are considered
two of the best collegiate plays on
the coast. These men, as well as sev
eral of the other freshmman players,
will help Captain Kinney to build up
a strong team. The majority of this
year's varsity will also remain in
school, so that each place will be
eagerly fought for.
