# THREE HUNDRED ATTEND SPORTS DAY FIELD MEET
## 
### 
Three hundred women attended the
Triangular Sports Day at Mills Sat
urday, acknowledged by the coaches
and players as the most successful of
the annual sports days in which class
teams from Mills, Stanford, and Cali
fornia participate. This number is an
increase of 100 over the attendance
last year.
A tie for first place between the
seniors and sophomores was settled
by a drawing at luncheon. Seniors
received first place; sophomores, sec
ond; juniors, third; and freshmen,
fourth. Teams from the four classes
competed in archery, tennis, swim
ming, and hockey, and points were
awarded on the basis of ten points
per game won. Senior and sophomore
teams tied for the winner of tennis;
sophomores won the archery contest;
seniors placed first in hockey; sopho
mores won the swimming meet in
which novelty stunts, such as a spoon
diving contest, a three-legged race,
and a tilting contest were featured.
A horseback riding exhibition given
by Mills in the afternoon was judged
by Verrel Weber of the physical edu
cation department of Sacramento Jun
ior College. Riding drill, a saddling
race, and a dress-up race were in
cluded.
Rosalind Cassidy of the Mills
physical education department and
Dean Aggie of Mills spoke at a lunch
eon at which Grace Anderson, presi
dent of Mills W.A.A., presided as
toastmistress. Stunts and yells were
given by each class.
