# Cigarette Experiments Prove "Blindfold Test" Psychologically False
## 
### 
"The blindfold test" as advertised
by cigarette manufacturers is not so
efficient as it might sound, judging
from exhaustive tests carried on by
the psychology department of Reed
College, Portland, Oregon. From
tests given blindfolded smokers, who
had frequent rest periods and black
coffee between brands, it was found
that subjects could not recognize
brands on the basis of gustatory and
olfactory cues.
When deprived of only visual cues,
they could not name brands correctly,
nor differentiate between two cigar
ettes even when smoking without
holders or blindfolds. They could not
give consistent answers of "like" and
"dislike" for their favorite brands or
any others, nor distinguish between
what they called strong and mild
cigarettes. The subjects, as a group,
could not differentiate between
straight Turkish and domestic to
baccos.
