# FRESHMEN TO ELECT OFFICERS TOMORROW
## 
### 
Freshmen will vote at a second
Quad election tomorrow from 8 to 2
o'clock to select class officers from
the two candidates who received the
highest totals in last Tuesday's bal
loting. Dave Jacobson, chairman of
the Election Board, issued a warning
that the election rules must be com
plied with. Many ballots in the last
election had to be thrown out because
they were not marked in ink.
Candidates in tomorrow's election
are: Carol Toll and Russell Smith for
president, Betts Hawkins and Sandy
Leib for vice-president, Rembert
Tliigpen and Jean McCoy for secre
tary, and James Kelly and Quentin
Wood for treasurer.
Men will vote near the Law steps
and women in front of the Classical
Lit. building.
