# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, general sec
retary of the local Y. W. C. A., ad
dressed the women of the San Jose
Normal who are interested in Y. W. C.
A. work on the subject of "A 101 Cam
paign.'
M'ss Everett will speak on "Read
justment" to the women of this Uni
versity this evening from 7 to 7:30, at
Roble Hall.
