# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
Talent is that which is in a
man's power; genius is that
in whose power a man s.=
Lowell.
