# Will Lecture on Quantum Theory.
## 
### 
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
Associate Professor F. J. Rogers, of
the Physics department, will lecture
on "The Quantum Theory of Natural
Units of Energy" before the Science
Association, at the Stanford Facility
clubhouse, this evening, January 27.
at 8 p. m.
