# Please Come Home
## 
### 
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
All former Daily workers
interested in working on the
paper again this year should
contact Personnel Director Jim
Briscoe at The Dally office as
soon as possible.
