# Edit Policy
## 
### 
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
Editorials express the opinion
of an editorial committee ap
pointed and chaired by the
Editor. Signed editorials are
written by the Editor. All other
editorials are initialed. Columns
do not necessarily express the
opinion of the editorial commit
tee.
Letters to the Editor are ac
cepted. Letters must be typed,
doublespaced, on a 65 space line.
Letters should be no longer than
300 words, and shorter letters
have a better chance of being
printed.
