# You're Kidding!
## 
### 

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.

Pain Beach prepares 1o pilot
the Stanford Chappie Special
on a dry run of Lagunita Seca
course. The Alpha Sig auxil
iary, though somewhat less
serious about it all, lias ab
sorbed some of the race spirit
(among the many types it's
acquainted with) and will he
out in force 011 Saturday to
cheer the victors and dump on
the losers.
