# SPORTS BRIEF
## Women's tennis matches postponed due to scheduling conflicts 
### â€“ Miles Bennett-Smith 
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
After dethroning then-No. 1
Florida two weeks ago and cruis
ing past No. 36 St. Mary's last
weekend, the No. 1 women's tennis
team will get an unexpected re
prieve this weekend. Due to sched
uling conflicts, the team's home
matches against Cal Poly and San
Diego were both postponed.
Although neither match was a
league clash, both matches are
likely to be rescheduled. No date

has been announced yet.
Stanford will, however, play an
additional match next week. The
Cardinal will play host to Univer
sity of San Francisco on Wednes
day, Feb. 29 at the Taube Family
Tennis Stadium. The game will
start at 1:30 p.m.
With four straight Pac-12
matchups looming on the horizon
Stanford travels to play Wash
ington next Sunday, followed by
road trips to Utah and Colorado
the Cardinal will relish the
chance for a preseason tune up
against the Dons.
