# Paintings for Museum.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
Mrs. Stanford has purchased a
collection of paintings of the old
missions by H. C. Ford of Santa
Barbara for the museum. The pic
tures were exhibited at the Colum
bian exposition and are valued at
$15,000.
