# Hastings Won From Nevada.
## 
### 
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
The second annual debate be
tween the Hastings Law College
and tbe University of Nevada was
won by Hastings at San Francisco
Friday evening.
