# The 						Seniors Meet.
## 
### 
The meeting cal ed for this afternoon
in the chapel was held in room 94
There were about thirty present and
about twenty wandered about outside
unable lo find the place of meeting.
The main purpose of the meeting was
to clcct a member for the Sequoia
Board of Control. Scott Calhoun was
clected for this position without op
position. Soper moved that a com
mittee be appointed to select a class
cane and submit it to the class for ap
proval at, next meeting. 11. F. Soper.
F. 11. Dray, and D. A. Porter were ap
pointed to act on this committee.
Hoover moved that a committee heap
pointed to ascertain the cost and advis
ability of having a plate engraved and
affixed to the 'Do oak. S. W. Collins,
J. T. Lang ford, and E. B. Kimball
were appointed to take charge ol the
business.
The meeting cal ed for this afternoon
in the chapel was held in room 94
There were about thirty present and
about twenty wandered about outside
unable lo find the place of meeting.
The main purpose of the meeting was
to clcct a member for the Sequoia
Board of Control. Scott Calhoun was
clected for this position without op
position. Soper moved that a com
mittee be appointed to select a class
cane and submit it to the class for ap
proval at, next meeting. 11. F. Soper.
F. 11. Dray, and D. A. Porter were ap
pointed to act on this committee.
Hoover moved that a committee heap
pointed to ascertain the cost and advis
ability of having a plate engraved and
affixed to the 'Do oak. S. W. Collins,
J. T. Lang ford, and E. B. Kimball
were appointed to take charge ol the
business.
The meeting cal ed for this afternoon
in the chapel was held in room 94
There were about thirty present and
about twenty wandered about outside
unable lo find the place of meeting.
The main purpose of the meeting was
to clcct a member for the Sequoia
Board of Control. Scott Calhoun was
clected for this position without op
position. Soper moved that a com
mittee be appointed to select a class
cane and submit it to the class for ap
proval at, next meeting. 11. F. Soper.
F. 11. Dray, and D. A. Porter were ap
pointed to act on this committee.
Hoover moved that a committee heap
pointed to ascertain the cost and advis
ability of having a plate engraved and
affixed to the 'Do oak. S. W. Collins,
J. T. Lang ford, and E. B. Kimball
were appointed to take charge ol the
business.
