# Sharpshooting Soph
## 
### 

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ed Shaver of Frankfort, !nd.,
long-shooting Purdue back guard,
promises to be one of the season's
biggest sophomore "finds" In Btg
Ten basketball. (Associated Press
Photo)
