# Grant Credit For Foreign Language Drama Courses
## 
### 
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
Inaugurating the policy of giving
credit for dramatic work done in the
Romanic Language department,
courses in both French and Spanish
drama will be offered spring quar
ter. This is the first time these ac
tivities have not been extra-cur
ricular.
AlOO, "French Conversation and
Dramatics," will be given by Pro
fessor William Leonard Schwartz. It
will be a three-unit course, and
extra credit will be given those who
take part in drama produced. "Span
ish Drama," known as 840, will be
given by John T. Reid, and will also
be for three units.
