# DAILY PROMOTIONS
## 
### 
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
Editorial Board, Volume 110, an
nounces the following staff promo
tions: Night Editor. Bill Rule; Head
Copy Editor, Tom Self; Copyreader,
Paul Weil.
