# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
Imagine it. Your
viewpoints enlighten
ing the campus for a
whole day. Your ideas
hotly debated over lei
surely food-service
breakfasts. Your col
umns eliciting re
sponses from dozens of
people who think
you're wrong.
How can you do all
this? Well, it's rather
easy, lust type down
your convincing argu
ments, double spacing
with 57 characters per
line. Then drop them in
the Opinions box at the
Daily office, centrally
located in the Storke
Building (opposite the
Terman fountain).
The Daily also wel
comes editorial car
toons. lust make sure
that yours is inked-in
and extra-large, for
easy reproduction.
