# Sale of Tickets Amounts To $675.
## 
### 
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
The first day's sale of seats for the
Sophomore play, "Secret Service,"
which is to he produced next Friday
evening, amounts to about $675. This
figure is but a little less than the
marvelous sale of seats for"The Man
From Home," which totalled approxi
mately $700 the opening day. Good
seats for the big Sophomore produc
tion may still be obtained at the Book
store and the Stanford Pharmacy at
the usual prices.
