# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
Because of the University holiday
tomorrow, the next issue of the Daily
Palo Alto will appear on Wednesday
afternoon.
