# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fora university having the large
enrollment that Stanford has, the at
tendance at chapel is strangely small.

The average attendance tbere is prob
ably not aoove fifty, and this in a
college of over a thousand btudenta-
When our great chime of belle is
placed in working order the preva
lent excuse that watches do not agree
will be untenable, and perhaps the
attendance will be larger.
Fora university having the large
enrollment that Stanford has, the at
tendance at chapel is strangely small.

The average attendance tbere is prob
ably not aoove fifty, and this in a
college of over a thousand btudenta-
When our great chime of belle is
placed in working order the preva
lent excuse that watches do not agree
will be untenable, and perhaps the
attendance will be larger.
Fora university having the large
enrollment that Stanford has, the at
tendance at chapel is strangely small.

The average attendance tbere is prob
ably not aoove fifty, and this in a
college of over a thousand btudenta-
When our great chime of belle is
placed in working order the preva
lent excuse that watches do not agree
will be untenable, and perhaps the
attendance will be larger.
