# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Since Wednesday evening bus been
definitely decided upon as tbe date
for the track benefit lecture, every
student in tbe University should act
aa a committee of oue on attendance.
Dr. .Jordan bus consented to give
ids lecture, " Ascent of tbe Matter
horn," in aid of the movement, and
ttie students should do their part,
.Admission twentv-five c«nts.
Since Wednesday evening bus been
definitely decided upon as tbe date
for the track benefit lecture, every
student in tbe University should act
aa a committee of oue on attendance.
Dr. .Jordan bus consented to give
ids lecture, " Ascent of tbe Matter
horn," in aid of the movement, and
ttie students should do their part,
.Admission twentv-five c«nts.
Since Wednesday evening bus been
definitely decided upon as tbe date
for the track benefit lecture, every
student in tbe University should act
aa a committee of oue on attendance.
Dr. .Jordan bus consented to give
ids lecture, " Ascent of tbe Matter
horn," in aid of the movement, and
ttie students should do their part,
.Admission twentv-five c«nts.
