# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
lL
j
jll
you can't
POLE-VAULT-
IuiI you still use up a lot
<►(* energy — rushing to
classes, plugging at the
hooks. A Inrge howl of
Kellogg 1 # (lorn Flakes, in
mi'k or ereain, will set you
up in the morning. These
crisp, golden flakes are
packed \>Sl!i energy, easy
to digest.
\ ou"II fin'l, too, that
Kellogg's will satisfy that
hungry feeling at bed
time. At hotels, restau
rants ami grocers every
where.
CORN FLAKES
fSB&B
/ h
u
