# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
DOT'S /\ .
CLUES , i u^V
from the il f.
5 1 0 Waverley
EVENINGS OF
SHEER BLISS
Light, frothy evening for
mats to enhance your
dancing with their swirls
of fragile beauty.
An organza formal of aqua
with brown chenile dots
and quaint brown taffeta
bustle-bow.
