# HUEY'S DAUGHTER AT D.A.R. MEET
## 
### 

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Rose Long, daughter of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana, shown as
she attended the opening session of the Daughters of the American
Revolution in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)
