# TENNIS MATCHES DEADLINE
## 
### 
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
First round matches of the Hahn
landicap tennis tournament, to
which everyone is eligible, must be
completed by Monday when the sec
>nd i*ound of play is scheduled to
Degin. In the event of a failure to
:omply with this, the upper man
nust default.
