# BRIDGE VICTIM FOUND
## 
### 
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
PASADENA. April 18
cide bridge" over the Arroyo Seco
here claimed its fi7th victim early
today when the crushed body of an
unidentified man was found on the
boulevard beneath the lofty struc-
