# STANFORD'S DINK
## 
### 

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.

Robert Lyman Templeton, who
tomorrow seeks his twelfth
straight victory over the sons of
the Gold and Blue.
