# Masque Ball Chairman Expects Sell-out of Bids
## 
### 
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
A sell-out i.s expected for the
Masque- Ball, scheduled for April
26, according to Bob Church, com
mittee chairman. Bids arc selling at
$2 per at A.S.S.U. offices, with the
number available strictly limited.
Starting Monday, a San Francisco
costumer will open a costume rent
ing agency on the campus, display
ing a wide variety of fancy dress
attire. Eye-masks are required for
admission to the dance, Church
stated.
