# WOMEN NET $606
## 
### 
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
Not proceeds from the birthday
party given February 15 by the
Stanford Women's Club to pay off
the debt on the Women's Clubhouse
amounted to $606.02, according to a
l eport received from the board of
directors.
