# Frosh Tracksters To Hold Banquet
## 
### 
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
A banquet in honor of frosh track
coach Ray Dean will be held Satur
day evening by the '51 track squad,
according (o Captain George Mooers
and banquet chairman Drew Terra
morse. The frosh speedsters will
then finish out the evening at Adobe
Creek Lodge.
