# Crosten Sets Opera Tryouts
## 
### 
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
Experienced students interested in
enrolling in the Stanford Opera
Workshop for summer quarter may
audition June 5, Dr. William L.
Crotsen, head of the music depart
ment, announced recently.
The tryouts will be held from 10
a.m. to noon and from 2 to 5 p.m.
at The Knoll.
Workshop students will study and
perform scenes from German opera
and produce one or more short op
eras in English.
Applications for auditions should
be made as soon as possible to the
director of the Stanford Opera
Workshop. The summer session will
be held June 17 to Aug. 28.
