# Ex-Mate Stabs SU Engineer
## 
### 
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
The chief electrical engi
neer of Stanford’s High En
ergy Physics Laboratory is
recovering this morning from
wounds inflicted Saturday
night by his ex-wife follow
ing a heated family argu
ment.

James P. Conner, 49, was
stabbed in the arm and hand
by his wife Genevieve, 26,
with a butcher knife at their
residence at 28030 Moody Rd.,
Los Altos. The cause of the
argument was not determined
by Santa Clara County sher
iff’s deputies.
Conner was released from
Stanford-Palo Alto Hospital
after receiving emergency
treatment for superficial
wounds.

Mrs. Conner was returned
to Agnews State Mental Hos
pital where she has been a
pat ient.
