# Spring Show Set; Cast Picked for Ondine Legend
## 
### 
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
Ondine, the nymph who left the
sea after being smitten with love
for a knight, has been lifted from
her old legend to become the hero
ine of “Knight in Arms,” the orig
inal musical that is this year’s
Ram’s Head spring show, set for
May 5, 6, 12 and 13 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Casting is completed and re
hearsals have begun, although
Ram’s Head says members of the
technical crew, especially carpen
ters, are still needed.
Belly Eichler, star of “Call Me
Madam” a few seasons ago, plays
Ondine; and Dick Jaqua. who has
demonstrated his versatility by
appearing in recent Stanford pro
ductions of both Gilbert and Sul
livan’s “lolanthe” and Tennessee
William’s “Orpheus Descending,”
plays Hans, the knight.
