# Hippie Wigwam
## 
### 

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.

Daily photo by Dave Levinthal
Experiments in sensory awareness at
the tribal gathering were deepened by
the swirling psychedelic colors in
flowers, dresses, and this tribal tent.
