# Student Dies
## 
### 
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
Lewis K. Dolan, a 24-year-old post
graduate business student from
Darien, Conn., collapsed in class yes
terday afternoon and was pronounced
dead on arrival at the Stanford Medi
cal Center.
The cause of death was not im
mediately determined. The case was
handed over to the county coronor.
