# INTER-HOUSE NINES CROSS BATS
## 
### 
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
The Sigma Clii-Delta Clii-Alpha Tau
Omega combination was victorious
over El Camino Club yesterday in the
int.erfraternity baseball series and
earned the to play in the finals
which will in all probability be run

' off next week-end. The Theta Delta
Chi vs. Theta Xi game did not ma
terialize and these teams will play
the last of the week to decide which
team shall meet the Sigma Chi-Delta
Chi-Alpha Tan Omega combination for
the championship of the series.
