# ORCHESIS
## 
### 
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
Twelve girls were recently ini
tiated into Orchesis, modern dance
society. The new members are Vir
ginia Abbott, Colleen Baker, Bar
bara Barrows, Sally Beel, Connie
Budgen, Nancy Copeland, Barbara
Dickey, Pat Fortine, Chris Hunt,
Jody Stevens, Mary Vaughan, and
Claudette Yeoman.
