# Stanford's Athletic Policy to Be Discussed in Cubberley Wednesday Night
## 
### 
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
Leading campus personalities
will participate in a discussion on
Stanford's Athletic Policy, Wed
nesday night at 7:30 in Cubberlcy
Auditorium.
A 1 Masters will discuss the fi
nancing of athletes; Chuck Taylor

will present the coach's attitude
along with a review of the inter
collegiate sports vs. intra-mural
athletic controversy; Dick Balch
will go over the administration's
point of view; Rixford Snyder will
discuss the subject of Stanford's

membership in the PCC and its
implications.
Speaking in behalf of the stu
dent body wil be Pete Grothc, and
speaking from the angle of the
student participating in athletics
will be Skip Crist.

After each speaker presents his
views, there will lie a period for
cross examination. Following this
will be an audience question peri
od. Chandler Myers will act as
moderator for the evening.


KICHARD BALCH


ALFRED MASTERS


RIXFORD SNYDER


CIIUCK TAYLOR
