# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
Forty-nine per cent of the students
of Bowdoin College have been out for
athletics during the past year.
