# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
| AVENUE CLQ7 HES |
| I
You Ain't
Seen. Nothin'
Yet
XCL ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
The next time any of
youse guys figure on
puttin' out for a new
suit o' clothes and want
to get a real knockout
there's only one thing to
do —get your skates on 1
and beat it to Pauson's ,
big store at Kearhy and
Sutter Streets in y c big
i towne of San Francisco.
Here you'll find a line
up of the slickest stuff
you ever laid an eye on
—three- and four-but
ton coats, cut just the
way snappy young fel
lows like them —not the
collegiate junk that the
drug-store cowboys
wear. And the price—
there's where we let you
off easy —plenty of
pips at —
$37.50
!
PAUSON & CO. ,
Kearny at Sutter
