# AIKEN HAS OPERATION
## 
### 
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
Douglas Aiken, varsity two-miler, is
in the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco, following a sinus operation. He
will probably be back on the campus
next week.
