# Professor Everett Smith Chosen Publications Council Chairman
## 
### 
First steps in the organizing of a
Publications Council were taken at a
meeting of all publication heads yester
day afternoon in the Press Building.
Professor E. W. Smith was chosen chair
man of the Council.
Tentative plans for the coming year
were discussed which will include the
drawing up within the near future of
charters for the campus publications. As
the Council is being put into operation
for the first time, by-laws for its own
charter, granted by the Executive Com

mittee when the new A.S.S.U. constitu
tion was adopted have nut yet been
formulated.
Other officers elected were Claude C.
Conn, secretary, and Mac Lewis, treas
urer. The council is composed of nine
members: the editors and business mana
gers of all student publications, and the
head of the Department of Journalism.
Another meeting will be held in the
near future at which time the Council
members will determine upon the charters
for the variojus publications and by-laws
for the Council itself.
