# Relief Program Nets Over $300
## 
### 
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
Proceeds from Thursday's non
partisan relief program amounted to
exactly $300, according to a state
incut made last night by D. Elt<
Trueblood, chairman of the pro
gram committee.
This figure is, however, subject to
addition, due to some returns on
tickets still outstanding. The .stu
dent-faculty committee appointed to
apportion the funds will convene
either this week or early next week,
according to John Cobbs, student
manager.
In his statement, Dr. Trueblood
said, "On behalf of the Relief Com
mittee, I should like to express our
immense satisfaction in ihc loyal
co-operation of all people concerned
in the relief program Thursday
night. We are especially grateful to
Ram's Head. I have never been as
sociated with an enterprise in which
I found so much generosity in time
and effort."
Estimating the attendance, Dr.
Trueblood said that the profits indi
cated that 1200 patrons had con
tributed quarters for admittance to
the "Little Gaieties."
