# Cesare Sends Family Home
## 
### 
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
Cesare Massarenti, president
of ASSU, sent his wife and son
to their original home in Milan,
Italy, Saturday. The action fol
lowed harassment of the family
since recent campus disturb
ances culminating in Massaren
ti's censure by a student body
referendum.
Massarenti asserted that the
harassment was a result of the
protest sit-in at the Old Union,
not merely a response to his be
ing censured.
