# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
It's not "apple sauce" to
say that this popular fox
trot is becoming nightly
more popular with every
one who hears it played
by HERMAN HELLER,
and the Rose Room Bowl
Orchestra. Dinner dances
every eveningexcept Sun
day.
No cover charge except on
Saturday. Saturday eve
ning after dinner covcr
charge 50 cents.
The Palace Hotel
