# ANDERSON CONTINUES HIS TRANSLATIONS OF DANTE
## 
### 
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
Professor M. B. Anderson, formerly
the active head of the department of
English Literature at Stanford, re
turned recently from Florence, Italy.
For fifteen years he has been com
posing a translation of the "Divina
Commedia" of Dante, which he has

nearly completed, in terza-rima, in
order to correspond to the original in
rhyme and metre, as well as In
thought. When completed, Professor
Anderson's work will be one of the
most valuable contributions to litera
ture.
