# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
C.M. Vrang, ’13, was this afternoon
elected to the University Conference.
He will succeed E. B. Hall, '14, as the
representative of the Mining and Met
allurgy department.
