# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
"FROM ORTHODOXY TO
LIBERALISM"
This will be the subject of the ser
mon at the Unitarian Church, Sun
day, at 1 1 o'clock. The speaker is
Chaplain Kelly of Sacramento, and
you are cordially invited to attend.
The Church is at the corner of Cow
per and Channing.
