# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The silver cups which are won dur
ing the contests of the afternoon will
also be presented at this time.
Arm bands will be awarded at this
time for competition with other uni
versities during the past year. Those
who will receive them for tennis are:
seniorsâ€”Waterman, Echols, Young
love; juniors, Fish, Burks, Gutscli;
sophomores, Peirce, Erhorn, Kerr;
freshmen, Strouse, Peirce, Newmark.
For outside competition in hockey
the following will be awarded arm
bands: seniors, Miller, Dwight, Klalin,
Lang, Merrill, Grant, Bailard, Steven
son, Wingood, Moore, Seelig, Hawken
son, Hill, Walter, Schuster; sopho
mores, Biddle, Mussey, Strobel, Tamp
lin, Jameson, G. Franklin, J. Franklin,
Roth, Delahoyde, Schardin, Overfelt,
Mackey.
In the archery the following will
receive arm bands: seniors, Leach,
Olsen; juniors, Lawrence, Kennedy,
Spears, Meek; sophomores, McCann,
Calhoun, Newlin, Evans; freshmen,
Merrill, Ziller, Broughall, Toland.
Numerals will be awarded for class
teams. Those who will receive them
in basketball are: Seniors, Younglove,
Waterman, Merrill, Bailard, Dwight,
Stevenson, Echols, Aten, Grant, Taver
netti, Simmons, Walter; juniors,
Churchman, Bell, Risdon, McDonald,
Robson, Fish, Steiger, Learnard, Lef
fingwell; sophomores, Richardson,
Lawrence, Roth, Biddle Strobel, G.
Franklin, J. Franklin, Hull; freshmen,
Hunter, Judd, Dahler, Stucky, Willi
ams, Barber, Webb, Meskimmons, Lar
gey, Burlingame.
in hockey the following will be given
numerals: Seniors, Younglove, Merrill,
Bailard, Stevenson, Echols, Miller,
Hawkenson, Klalin, Lang, Grant, Win
good, "Seelig, Dwight, Walter, Moore,
Schuster, Kreischer; juniors, Church
man, Robson, Whitaker, Larnard,
Leffingwell, Scott, Ward, Tegner,
Green, Kennedy, Stern, Cannon, Ste
wart; sophomores, Roth, Biddle, Stro
bel, G. Franklin, J. Franklin, Mussey,
Jameson, Delahoyde, Schardin, Over
felt, Lawrence, Newlin, Peirce, Evans,
Shephard, Hyde; freshmen, Harter,
Williams, Meskimmons, Burlingame,
Watson, Klink, Strouse, Learnard,
French, Turner, Rossarine, Hoppin.
Swimming awards have not yet been
made.
