# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
Sigma Delta Chi announces the
initiation of the following men:
Hal Rorke, *24
Phil Newill, '24
Carl Shoup, '24
Garrett Elmore, '23
Glenn Pollard. '23
