# WOMEN ANNOUNCE NEW SYSTEM FOR SPRING BIDDING
## Dean Yost Believes Stanford Will Be Greatly Benefited in Future by New Contract 
### 
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
and the University have
entered into a new contract which pro
vides for late spring bidding of women
instead of the present system of quar
terly bidding at the beginning of each
quarter. The contract will be officially
signed at a meeting of Panhellenic, Mon
day.
Dean Yost believes that the ne\v con
tract will do away with the main objec
tions of the present bidding system and
that both the sororities and the Univer
sity will be greatly benefited by the
change.
"I am very glad that the late spring
bidding system lias been adopted by
Panhellenic," said Dean Yost this morn
ing. "The fact that the University
waives certain of its requirements to
make it possible to put this plan into
operation guarantees its warm support
to this progressive step of the women.
Not only will the most serious of, the
disadvantages of the present system he
eliminated, but both the sororities and
the new students will be benefited in
the chance to know one another in a
normal way.
"The success of the new plan will de
pend on the belief of the women in its
principles and in their own ability to
carry them out with a hi# standard of
honor. I feel sure that they will be aide
to do this and will thereby render a
great service to the University and to
themselves."
