# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first interclass game is less
than a week in the future, and as
yet little interest has been evi
denced by any except the Freshman
class. It is imperative that those
men who intend to try for their
class teams should appear on the
field at once. These games are not
scheduled to furnish laughter to
the crowd; yet they could result in
nothing but an exhibition, farcical
in the extreme, if eleven men, un
conditioned and without practice,
attempted to contest in a game of
football with eleven others in
equally poor form. These games
should be regarded seriously. If
they are to be successful it is neces
sary for every man who has ever

played football to apply for a suit
at once and appear on the field. It
will be a manifest impossibility for
students to come out the afternoon
of a match and play good ball with
out practice or training. Serious in
jury is always to be apprehended
by players not in condition. With
out a few practices the members of
the class elevens cannot hope to
develop the rudiments of team
work, which is the essential of even
the most amateurish contest.
