# REHEARSING FOR FUND DRIVE
## 
### 

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *

TWO OF THE 1(>0 Stanford undergraduates who will call on local
alumni and Farm friends in the Fourth Annual Stanford Fund Drive
starting tonight arc Anne Page, left, and John Fuller, shown rehears
ing for their doorbell pushing. *
