# Trueblood to Talk To Luncheon Club
## 
### 
One of the most vilal issues a [
modem speaker can discuss will be
treated tomorrow at the weekly
Luncheon Club meeting in the Nit -
ery â€” "Fundamental Moral Issues
Rising Out of the Present Euro
pean Conflict."
Dr. D. Elton Trueblood, energetic
sponsor of these weekly luncheon
discussions, will be Wednesday's
speaker. Basing his conclusions on
experience and observation in Eu
rope. he will deal with moral issues
involved in the causes of the wari
and in the possible outcome of Ihei
conflict.
On the continent at. the time of j
Ihe annexation of Czechoslovakia, i
Dr. Trueblood will speak from a
personal standpoint, illustrating his |
discussion with graphic comments ;
and facts.
Anyone on the campus is invited |
to attend the noon meeting. Lunch- i
eon is served, buffet style, for 25 '
cents. Informal open discussion will
follow the address.
