# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
Today —
%
It was 25 years ago on February 11, 1V45 that the Allies
signed the Yalta accords. Somehow we wish that the United
States could celebrate that anniversary by signing Paris
accords.
In spite of this auspicious anniversary, we feel obligated
to interrupt your celebrations by reminding you that the
editorial office's phone is x4632, and the business office's
phone is 327-4150,
