# Sixty-Four Students Are Candidates for Graduation
## 
### 
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
There are sixty-four candidates foi
graduation in January of this year.
Twenty-five students hope to receive
their master's degree this month.
Lists of candidates have heen posted
on the University bulletin boards and
students are asked to report any
changes in the lists.
Students are receiving Bachelor ol
Arts degrees from twenty-one different
departments.
