# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Life
without
doubt
Do you ever doubt the
sun will rise in the
morning?
Even if rain or fog hide
its rays, you know it's
still there. You don't
doubt tin's because you
are familiar with the
earth's relationship to
the sun.
In the same way, each
of us could eliminate
much fear and doubt
from our lives if we
understood the laws
governing man's
relationship to God.
Hear James Pike, of
The Christian Science
Board ot Lectureship,
tell how effectively
people have been able
to act, even in grave
crisis, by listening to
(Jod's direction, at a
Free Christian Science
Lecture, at 8 P.M.
Thursday, 28 January
at the 2nd Church of
Christ Scientist,
Palo Alto, 3045
Cowper Avenue.
