# PALO ALTO NOTES
## 
### 
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
Claims Few Snobs at Stanford.
Replying to the charge made by Dr.
Albert Parker Fitch, on his recent
visit to the campus, that Stanford was
more snobbish than Harvard, the Rev.
Bryant C. Preston, pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Palo Alto,
stated that he could match every snob
at Stanford with ten from Yale or
Harvard. According to him the snob
bishness of the Stanford student who
goes about in cords is not one-tenth
as repulsive as that of Cambridge,
with its "affected lisp and lack-luster
twaddle," or that of the "rah-rah"
boys of Yale.
Lowest Dentil Knte.
"Palo Alto has the lowest death rate
of any city in the United States."
Thus reads a sign just put up in
the city hall by Health Officer H. F.
Gray. Although Berkeley, Seattle and
other cities claim this standing, Palo
Alto is the one city that really de
serves it, according to Gray. "Health
is Purchasable," adds the sign, hut
Gray lias not reported any sales to
date.
