# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now that the athletic track ia as
sured, a bicycle club is to be organ
ized, and it is expected that bicycle
races will be one of the prominent
features on the numerous field-days
to be held this spring. The Univer
sity has some excellent riders, aud
the club will undoubtedly be a
success.
Now that the athletic track ia as
sured, a bicycle club is to be organ
ized, and it is expected that bicycle
races will be one of the prominent
features on the numerous field-days
to be held this spring. The Univer
sity has some excellent riders, aud
the club will undoubtedly be a
success.
Now that the athletic track ia as
sured, a bicycle club is to be organ
ized, and it is expected that bicycle
races will be one of the prominent
features on the numerous field-days
to be held this spring. The Univer
sity has some excellent riders, aud
the club will undoubtedly be a
success.
Now that the athletic track ia as
sured, a bicycle club is to be organ
ized, and it is expected that bicycle
races will be one of the prominent
features on the numerous field-days
to be held this spring. The Univer
sity has some excellent riders, aud
the club will undoubtedly be a
success.
