# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
—Professor Wilhelm Ostwald of
the University of Leipzig, Ger
many, will head the list of dis
tinguished scientists who will take
part in the summer school work at
Berkeley this year. Professor Ost
wald will give a course of lectures
on the latest development of mod
ern physical science. In the field
of physical chemistry Professor Ost
wald is the most distinguished in
vestigator.
