# Adv. 30 Page 7
## 
### 
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
HOO S j
Picture of a well-turned
out Senior arriving at
the Senior Ball . . .
£00S TUX£S AND TAILCOATS
*30- 50-65
Rooi Broa
125 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
