# Senior Grades Ready by June 14
## 
### 
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
All graduating seniors and candi
dates for advanced degrees this
quarter may call for their grades at
the Registrar's office in the Admin
istration Building at 10:30 o'clock
Friday morning, June 14, it was an
nounced today.
The grades will be distributed only
after the meeting of Academic
Council that morning.
Other students may receive their
grades by leaving a stamped self
addressed envelope with the Regis
trar, and they will be mailed June
18.
