# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
■W
112 W ) *
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night lil 9
