# CANAL MAY BE OPENED NEXT JULY FOURTH.
## Administration and Congress Decide That Revenue Legislation Is Sufficient for Present. 
### 
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
United Press Telegraph Report
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—The formal
opening of the Panama canal will
probably be postponed until July
Fou.rth. President Wilson today told
congressional callers that this date
had been suggested as more satisfac
tory for the opening exercises than
early in March, the time previously
considered.
