# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
H. P. Knight, '11. announces the ar
rival of a son at his homo in Pasadena
