# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
Make it thy business to know
thyself, which is the most dif
ficult lesson in the world. =
Cervantes.
