# RUGBY MADE COMPULSORY AT KANSAS UNIVERSITY.
## 
### 
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
Instruction in rugby at the Univer
sity of Kansas uus recently made
compulsory by a faculty ruling. This
institution had intended adopting the
new game this fall, and with this in
view, .secured the services of D. P.
Crawford, ex-'O9, for coach. But ow
ing to the failure of any other col
leges in the middle west, to take up
rugby the plan bad to be dropped as
no games could be arranged with
other than Pacific Coast teams. From
this new ruling it is evident that
Rugby will take (he place of the old
game in the near future in (he middle
we?t.
