# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We understand that a daily
paper is soon to make its appear
ance in Palo Alto which the man
agement proposes to call the Daily
Palo Alto Times. Now we have
nothing but commendation for the
enterprise shown by those who have
the project in charge; but we do
enter a vigorous protest against
naming the paper in a manner cal
culated to mislead advertisers and
subscribers as to the nature and
backing of the publication. The
proposed journal is not a student
enterprise, has no connection what
ever with the University, is a town
publication pure and simple, with
out any University backing. It
will necessarily have little or no
patronage from the students. But
the name by which it is to be
styled, together with the fact that
its size and general appearance is
to correspond closely with the ap
pearance and size of the University
Daily I'alo Alto, will undoubtedly
mislead advertisers, even though to
accomplish deception is not the
aim of its promoters. In fact, re
ports have already reached us
which show that persons have
pledged support to this prospective
daily who labored under the im
pression that they were supporting
the University daily. In order to
protect the interests of this paper
the management has taken out a
copyright of its caption, Daily
Palo Alto, and any infringement
upon the paper's rights will meet
prompt attention.
We understand that a daily
paper is soon to make its appear
ance in Palo Alto which the man
agement proposes to call the Daily
Palo Alto Times. Now we have
nothing but commendation for the
enterprise shown by those who have
the project in charge; but we do
enter a vigorous protest against
naming the paper in a manner cal
culated to mislead advertisers and
subscribers as to the nature and
backing of the publication. The
proposed journal is not a student
enterprise, has no connection what
ever with the University, is a town
publication pure and simple, with
out any University backing. It
will necessarily have little or no
patronage from the students. But
the name by which it is to be
styled, together with the fact that
its size and general appearance is
to correspond closely with the ap
pearance and size of the University
Daily I'alo Alto, will undoubtedly
mislead advertisers, even though to
accomplish deception is not the
aim of its promoters. In fact, re
ports have already reached us
which show that persons have
pledged support to this prospective
daily who labored under the im
pression that they were supporting
the University daily. In order to
protect the interests of this paper
the management has taken out a
copyright of its caption, Daily
Palo Alto, and any infringement
upon the paper's rights will meet
prompt attention.
We understand that a daily
paper is soon to make its appear
ance in Palo Alto which the man
agement proposes to call the Daily
Palo Alto Times. Now we have
nothing but commendation for the
enterprise shown by those who have
the project in charge; but we do
enter a vigorous protest against
naming the paper in a manner cal
culated to mislead advertisers and
subscribers as to the nature and
backing of the publication. The
proposed journal is not a student
enterprise, has no connection what
ever with the University, is a town
publication pure and simple, with
out any University backing. It
will necessarily have little or no
patronage from the students. But
the name by which it is to be
styled, together with the fact that
its size and general appearance is
to correspond closely with the ap
pearance and size of the University
Daily I'alo Alto, will undoubtedly
mislead advertisers, even though to
accomplish deception is not the
aim of its promoters. In fact, re
ports have already reached us
which show that persons have
pledged support to this prospective
daily who labored under the im
pression that they were supporting
the University daily. In order to
protect the interests of this paper
the management has taken out a
copyright of its caption, Daily
Palo Alto, and any infringement
upon the paper's rights will meet
prompt attention.
We understand that a daily
paper is soon to make its appear
ance in Palo Alto which the man
agement proposes to call the Daily
Palo Alto Times. Now we have
nothing but commendation for the
enterprise shown by those who have
the project in charge; but we do
enter a vigorous protest against
naming the paper in a manner cal
culated to mislead advertisers and
subscribers as to the nature and
backing of the publication. The
proposed journal is not a student
enterprise, has no connection what
ever with the University, is a town
publication pure and simple, with
out any University backing. It
will necessarily have little or no
patronage from the students. But
the name by which it is to be
styled, together with the fact that
its size and general appearance is
to correspond closely with the ap
pearance and size of the University
Daily I'alo Alto, will undoubtedly
mislead advertisers, even though to
accomplish deception is not the
aim of its promoters. In fact, re
ports have already reached us
which show that persons have
pledged support to this prospective
daily who labored under the im
pression that they were supporting
the University daily. In order to
protect the interests of this paper
the management has taken out a
copyright of its caption, Daily
Palo Alto, and any infringement
upon the paper's rights will meet
prompt attention.
We understand that a daily
paper is soon to make its appear
ance in Palo Alto which the man
agement proposes to call the Daily
Palo Alto Times. Now we have
nothing but commendation for the
enterprise shown by those who have
the project in charge; but we do
enter a vigorous protest against
naming the paper in a manner cal
culated to mislead advertisers and
subscribers as to the nature and
backing of the publication. The
proposed journal is not a student
enterprise, has no connection what
ever with the University, is a town
publication pure and simple, with
out any University backing. It
will necessarily have little or no
patronage from the students. But
the name by which it is to be
styled, together with the fact that
its size and general appearance is
to correspond closely with the ap
pearance and size of the University
Daily I'alo Alto, will undoubtedly
mislead advertisers, even though to
accomplish deception is not the
aim of its promoters. In fact, re
ports have already reached us
which show that persons have
pledged support to this prospective
daily who labored under the im
pression that they were supporting
the University daily. In order to
protect the interests of this paper
the management has taken out a
copyright of its caption, Daily
Palo Alto, and any infringement
upon the paper's rights will meet
prompt attention.
