# Stanford Cagers Have Week off
## 
### 
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
Howie Dallmar’s league leading
cagers have a week off while the
other AAWU teams take final ex
aminations. The Cards are 3-0 in
the Big Six following a pair of
wins over Washington last week.
Stanford resumes conference ac
tion next weekend with a pair of
games to be played in the North
west February 1 and 2. Stanford
meets the Huskies on Friday and
Washington State Saturday.
