# Organ Recital to Mark Church Commemoration
## 
### 
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
To commemorate the 60th an
niversary of the dedication of
Memorial Church, Prof. Herbert
Nanney, University organist, will
give a special concert Sunday at
3:30 p.m.
The program will begin with
Gabrieli’s “Fantasia on the Sixth
Tone,” followed by Sweelinck’s
“Capriccio,” Froberger’s “Tocca
ta in D Minor,” and three chorale
preludes by Bach. Highlighting
the concert will be the first per
formance at Stanford of Beetho
ven’s “Three Pieces for a Me
chanical Organ.”
Other - events marking Com
memoration Sunday will be a
special Anniversary Service at 11
a.m. at which Chaplain Robert
Minto will preach.
After the 4:45 Vesper Service
the Rt. Rev. S. J. Matthews will
give an illustrated talk on the
Church’s work among the Abo
rigines and the Torres Strait Is
landers of northern Australia.
Actual dedication of Memorial
Church was January 25, 1903.
Commemoration Sunday is annu
ally celebrated as near to that
date as possible.
