# Sports short
## 
### 
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
First place in the region
will be on the line Sunday
when the Stanford equestri
an team hosts one of only
two home meets all year in
the Stanford Barn at 9 a.m.
The Cardinal currently
holds down the top spot in
the region with a strong
showing in early December
in southern California.
Paced by freshman standout
Amanda Hoche, the high
point finisher in the previ
ous two competitions, the
English teams only will go
up against nine other
schools.
UC-Davis and Fresno
State, ranked second and
third in the region, respec
tively, are expected to pose
the biggest threats to the
Cardinal, who have never
ended the season at the pin
nacle of the Western heap.
"We're looking to keep our
rank and hopefully extend
our lead," said Quito Perl
man. "We're looking to take
advantage of our depth and
the home-stable advantage."
