# At Other Colleges.
## 
### 
The Chi Psi fraternity convention
closed with a dinner at the lloliand
House. The petitions of some of the
leading undergraduates of Leland Stan
ford Jr. University and of Lehigh
University tor chapters were referred
to a committer. —If at m >re limes.
A list of the best records at English
and American colleges has been coin
piled. Only ten of the events on the
list are common to the colleges on both
sides the water, and of this group of
ten the American colleges hold the best
record in six event.- —100 yard dash>
4(JO yard dash, 120 yard hurdle, two
mile bicycle, and running high and
broad jumps.
The Chi Psi fraternity convention
closed with a dinner at the lloliand
House. The petitions of some of the
leading undergraduates of Leland Stan
ford Jr. University and of Lehigh
University tor chapters were referred
to a committer. —If at m >re limes.
A list of the best records at English
and American colleges has been coin
piled. Only ten of the events on the
list are common to the colleges on both
sides the water, and of this group of
ten the American colleges hold the best
record in six event.- —100 yard dash>
4(JO yard dash, 120 yard hurdle, two
mile bicycle, and running high and
broad jumps.
The Chi Psi fraternity convention
closed with a dinner at the lloliand
House. The petitions of some of the
leading undergraduates of Leland Stan
ford Jr. University and of Lehigh
University tor chapters were referred
to a committer. —If at m >re limes.
A list of the best records at English
and American colleges has been coin
piled. Only ten of the events on the
list are common to the colleges on both
sides the water, and of this group of
ten the American colleges hold the best
record in six event.- —100 yard dash>
4(JO yard dash, 120 yard hurdle, two
mile bicycle, and running high and
broad jumps.
