# Card Soccer Eleven Ekes Out Win Over San Mateo
## 
### 
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
Taking the ball from a mix-up in
front of the goal during the last few
minutes of play, Eberhard, dasliy
Stanford wing man, kicked it into the
net for the only tally of a slow soc
cer game between the Stanford varsity
and the San Mateo Junior College Fri
day afternoon.
The contest was loosely played
throughout and was featured by in
accurate passing and the weak offen
sive work of both lines. Captain
Mayer, Dalton, and Burns of Stanford
turned in fine defensive work at the
back positions.
