# COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN OF N.S.F.A. CONVENTION TO ORGANIZE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
Chairmen of committees to handle
the coming National Students Federa
tion of America convention will meet
at 9 o'clock tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, announces Herb Wenig,
general chairman. At this time Wenig
will explain the convention organiza
tion. A general meeting of entire com
mittee personnel will take place
Wednesday.
Following is a list of committee
heads: Herb Wenig, general chair
man; Maxine Cushing, vice-chairman;
Louis Vincenti, finances; Robert
Hume, secretary; Tom Pike, recep
tion; Helen Thompson, registration;
George Bodle and Frances Shoup,
housing; Stan Mullin, entertainment;
Leonard Bartlett, publicity; Irwin
Warner and Helen Jones, meeting ar
rangements; Robert Speers, bulletin
and program; Dick Worden, food;
Hector Dyer, detail arrangements;
and Ed Jones, transportation.
