# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
A meeting of the entire cast of
the 1939 Big (lame Gaieties has
been eallcd for 5 o'clock today in
the Main Theater. It is imperative
that everyone — singers, actors,
chorus and dancers, and specialty
numbers—attend the meeting, an
nounced Director Charles Bulotti.
Chorus meets at 4::J0 o'clock in
Ram's Head Room.
