# Song Book to be Admission Ticket To Dance Friday
## 
### 
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
The nine song-hits of "Koo Koo
Kubistown," will be included in an at
tractive memento book of the show
which is now being published and will
be ready for distribution Friday. An
elaborate cover portraying the spirit
of the extravaganza has been drawn
by Fred Fisher, '24. There will also
be pictures of the cast and chorus.
This song book which will sell for
$1.00, will be an open sesame to the
dance which will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, immediately after the
show, with the small additional pit
tance of twenty-five cents. Admission
without the book will be 75 cents.
