# EPIDEMIC OF COLDS NOT YET GONE FROM U. OF W.
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 7. — (P. I. N.
S.) —Although the sudden and severe
wave of colds that hit the university
several days ago and disabled a large
proportion of the student body, is not
yet gone, a steady decrease is report
ed. Every measure of precaution is
being taken to insure safety for those
who have not yet been affected by the
epidemic. No fatalities have devel
oped.
* * #
