# RESIGNS FROM BOARD
## J.N. STANFORD GIVES UP GUILD PRESIDENCY. Presley Becomes Successor at Meeting Last Night â€”Important Changes Made. 
### 
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
J. N. Stanford, '06, tendered hi*
resignation as president of tbe
Guild board,at the regular monthly
meeting of that organization held
Tuesday. Stanford's resignation
is occasioned by his graduation.
For the last two years he has
served on the board, having been
treasurer and chairman of the com
mittee on ways and means. G. J.
Presley, '07, the senior member of
the board, was elected to succeed
Stanford. The executive commit
tee of the student body was re
quested to appoint a member to fill
the vacancy caused by Presley's
promotion.
The committee on cases was au
thorized to open the hospital facil
ities for "out patient" student
cases, establishing a treatment
charge of fifty cents. This is de
signed to cover minor surgical
dressings and emergency nursing
treatments, which do not require
regular admission to the hospital.
During the month of November
thirty-three patients were treated;
twenty-five of them students. The
available funds practically bal
anced the expenditures.
