# Badminton Club Meets Wednesday
## 
### 
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
Stanford Badminton Club will
meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday, March
13, and also Wednesday of finals
week in the Women's Gym, accord
ing to Elsie Walling, badminton
manager.
