# 12-MILE HIKE
## 
### 
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
The Hiking Club has planned a
12-mile hike around Pescadero for
Sunday, and those interested
should call Artie Berman at 3121,
or Bob Phillips at 8635, by 2 p.m.
Saturday in order that part of, the
transportation may be arranged.
Hikers are to meet in front of Cub
berley Auditorium at 8:15 Sunday
morning; probably the hikers will
return at 6 p.m.
