# Stegner to Conclude Poetry Series Tuesday
## 
### 
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
Wallace Stegner, noted author
and acting professor of English,
will conclude the weekly poetry
reading Tuesday at 4:15 in the
Social Room of the School of Ed
ucation when he reads from the
poetry of Edwin Arlington Rob
inson.
The Department of English has
announced that the series of in
formal poetry readings will be
continued next quarter.
