# Scholarship Meet Monday
## 
### 
Scholarship chairmen of all wom
en's living groups are asked to
meet Monday at 4 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Marie
Wagner, chairman of the Scholar
ship Cup Committee.
If a chairman cannot attend,
she must send a substitute, Miss
Wagner said, or her living group
may be disqualified. The commit
tee will set up a plan and regula
tions for awarding the scholar
ship cup to the living group hav
ing the highest scholarship this
quarter.
Dean Yost will award the cup at
the first meeting of Women's Con
ference spring quarter, April 8.
Casa Ventura won it fall quarter.
Scholarship chairmen are:
Nancy Woodruff, Adelfa; Betsy
Wilson, Eucalypto; Carol Lineer,
Granada; Susan Webster, Naranja;
Babette Levingston, Magnolia; Bar
bara Lang, Union Residence; Di
Strain, Madrono; Elinor French,
Elm; Mary Ellen Booth, Oaks; Anne
Hazelton, Hawthorne; Betty Boehm,
Manzanita.
Gail Goodwin, Hurlburt; B. J.
Walace, Cubberley; Elaine Woodin,
Russell; Nancy Thorp, Guthrie;
Anne Bubb, Storey; Bonnie Han
son, Lathrop; Peg Reid, Jordan;
Mary Lou Sutter, Durand; Jo Glas
son, Roth.
Mary Ann Esser, Branner; Mary
Virginia Pond, Casa Ventura; May
Reims, Klahoya.
