# International Club Dance Tonight
## 
### 
The International Club will hold
a dance at the Faculty Clubhouse
tonight from 8:30 to 11:30. This is
their first dance of the year, ac
cording to President John Menzel.
The international theme will be
carried out in the music with Latin-
American and popular American
songs. Besides dancing there will
be bridge, and refreshments to fur
ther enhance the club's reputation
for good food.
To get to the Faculty Clubhouse,
start going toward Palo Alto from
the History corner for two blocks.
The Clubhouse is on the corner pf
Pino and Lasuen set back in the
trees.
Chairman of the dance is Nancy
Witherspoon. In charge of arrange
ments are Robbie Robinson and
.lean Cohn.
