# CASA EUCALYPTO ASKS FROSH TO POOL PARTY
## 
### 
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
"Dive into Eucalypto's pool par
ty," invites Bea Miller, co-chair
man with Midge LeClair of Casa
Eucalypto's party Saturday from 2
to 4 p.m. Freshmen from the 'C"
wing of Ruble will be guests of the
casa.
