# Yost Scholarship Donations Open
## 
### 
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
Student contributions to the Mary
Yost Scholarship Fund may still be
given to representatives in campus
living groups today, according to
Louise Phillips, Women's Confer
ence chairman of contributions.
"This scholarship is being set up
in recognition of the constant in
terest Miss Yost has shown in Stan
ford women," explained Miss Phil
lips. Miss Yost will retire as Dean
of Women at the end of the present
academic year.
