# Netters Face Menlo Today
## 
### 
Stanford's Junior-Varsity tennis
team will occupy the spotlight this
afternoon on the local courts as they
meet the Menlo Junior College net
ters. Action is slated for 1:30.
While their big brothers take a
"breather," the J-V's will be up
against some still' competition in
the Menlo tilt. The Cardinal
horde ran away with the victory
when last they met. but Coach
Bugge forecasts that today's match
may result in quite a different
story.
At any rate the action promises
to be fast and furious with the In
dians conceded a slight edge. New
faces will abound in the Stanford
lineup as Coach Bugge has un
earthed an almost entirely untried
squad to represent the Big Red.
Stanford fans will recognize only
two varsity racquet welders, Bob
Keenan and Jack Frost, on court
Saturday.
Other Indians expected to see
action are Ted Taylor. Heath
Schrocdcr, Jack Wood, and Gene
Corman. Schroeder's name doubt
less will cause a flicker of mem
ory for localities who remember
his brother Ted's dynamic record
011 the Farm. Kid brother Heath
has broken into the lineup several
times earlier this season, espe
cially during doubles play.
The Varsity, sequad hits the road
next weekend to continue its quest
for Conference recognition in the
Southland. Those pesky U.C.L.A.
Bruins plan to entertain on May 3
in Westwood, following which the
Indians meet the acid test against
top-notch U.S.C. on the 4th.
