# 'S.S. GRANADA' DANCE AT SEA SCOUT BASE
## 
### 
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
The "S.S. Granada" is giving its
second party of the quarter Satur
day night from 9 to 1 at the Sea
Scout base of the yacht harbor, ac
cording to Carol Linneer, general
chairman of the dance.

Music for the dance will be pro
vided by Phil Seaman's orchestra
Nautical decorations will carry out
the "ship" theme with Popeye dom
inating the scene. A buffet supper
will be served at 12 to guests of
Granada.
