# Baker to Discuss China's Problems
## 
### 
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
John Earl Baker, internationally
known expert on Chinese transpor
tation and communications, will
speak to the Chinese-American
Friendship Group at its meeting
Monday afternoon at 4:30 in Wo
men's Clubh< use.
'We are especially fortunate in
getting an expert of Mr. Baker's
standing to discuss one of China's
key problems—transportation—with
us," said Jerome Rubin, group pres
ident.
Chinese students at Stanford are
especially invited to the meeting.
Refreshments will be served.
