# CHAPPIE PARTY
## 
### 
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
Chappies going to the party to
night must be at Chappie office at
0:45 p.m.
