# Skiing Scuttlebutt Posted Each Week
## 
### 
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
The weekly waiting list for skiing
reservations will be posted on the
Ski Club bulletin board, outside
the A.S.S.U. office each Wednesday
noon. All those who have made
reservations and find they are un
able to go are requested to contact
personally the next person on the
list.
Tickets for the movie "Skis in the
Sky," by John Jay, will go on sale
Monday morning concurrently with
the week-end reservations. The
movie will be shown at Yosemite
Lodge on Saturday night, Feb. 8 at
7 and again at. 9:30.
