# For the record
## 
### 
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
A photo caption in yesterday's
Daily misidentified the sponsor of
last spring's Extravaganza '89. It
was sponsored by Okada House,
not the Asian American Student
Association.
An editorial in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly asserted that 80 per
cent of each research dollar goes
to overhead costs at Stanford. Ac
tually, for every dollar scientists
spend on research, the University
requires an additional 74 cents for
overhead costs.
