# OKLAHOMA WINS AGAIN
## 
### 
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
NORMAN, Okia, Nov. 13 (UP).—
Oklahoma yesterday gave a con
vincing display of power and finesse
to trample Missouri, 21 to 0, and
continued its steamroller march
among the nation's unbeaten, untied
teams.
