# Eurich Addresses Medical Seminar
## 
### 
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
Aii address by Dr. Alvin C. En
rich, acting president of the Uni
versity, on "Goals for Higher Edu
cation" will open this year's Medi
cal Seminar Series at 4:15 tomor
row afternoon, according to James
Helme Jr., Medical Seminar Com
mittee chairman. The program will
be held in the bacteriology lecture
hall of the Anatomy Building.
This will be the first of a year
long series of seminars to be spon
sored by Alpha Kappa Kappa, med
ical fraternity, and is open to the
student bod v.
