# DEFENSE DISAPPOINTING
## Injuries and Fumbles Problems' Says Jack 
### 
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
Stanford coach Jack Curtis tab
bed defense, injuries and fumbles
as the problems responsible
(though not necessarily in that
order I for the Indians’ 30-15 set
back at the hands of USC’s Rose
Bowl-seeking Trojans Saturday in
Los Angeles.
Curtis expressed disappointment
over the Tribe’s defensive play
against the Trojans, Said Cactus
Jack: “I thought (the defense)
would be better. We just didn’t
play a good sound defense and we
tackled poorly, which isn’t like
us.”

However the likeable Stanford
mentor praised halfback Tim Han
sel’s work on defense. Hansel fill
ed in for injured Gary Sargent,
stellar Card defensive performer.

Curtis listed the offensive an
tics of Trojan quarterbacks Pete
Bealhaid and Bill Nelsen as the
Cards’ biggest problem of the day.
Between the two, they picked up
207 out of the Trojans’ total of
310 yards.
Troy’s sophomore end Hal Bed
sole, who already holds two all
time USC records (most passes
caught in one season and most
yards on pass receptions in one
season) and fullback Ben Wilson,
who counted two TD’s for the Tro
jans, were also named as thorns in
the Indians’ sides.
The Stanford coach was reluc
tant to place injuries as the root
of the Tribe’s troubles “because
all teams have them.” But he went
on to add that “we have had a long
succession of injuries since the
season opened and some of our
best boys haven’t played for weeks
and won’t again this season.”
Coach Curtis was baffled by the
deluge of fumbles on the part of
his charges. Actually the Tribe’s
bobbles hurt the Indian offense
more than the defense as only one
of dropped pigskins led directly to
a Southern California score.

Citing the fact that the Indians
only have fumbled 12 times prior
to the Trojan fray, Curtis attribut
ed the fumbles to the fact that "so
many changes in our backfield
personnel hurt our precision and
timing.” But, he added, “most of
those fumbles were downfield.”

Among his own players, Curtis
liked quarterback Rod Sears and
fullback Ken Babajian, adding
that Babajian ran hard despite re
cent injuries.

Commenting on the upcoming
USC-UCLA battle, Cactus Jack re
fused to pick a winner. “You won’t
get me to pick between the two

teams. I say, may the best team
win.”
Among the players, though, the
sentiment seemed to be with the
Bruins. Said one Indian, “I’m bet
ting on UCLA.” Others mentioned
that they thought UCLA hit hard- i
er.
* ★ ★
