# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
It was only after the Plug Ugly
committee had solemnly promised
to give every member of its staff
as many complimentary tickets to
the nonentity Friday night as each
one desires, that the Daily Palo
Alto finally consented to refrain
from publishing a. complete but
unofficial description of what will
pass as a dedication of the 1903
Plug.
