# Airliner Makes Forced Landings
## 
### 
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
NORFOLK, Va., Oct. 22 (UP).—A
Pennsylvania Central Airlines plane
made two forced landings here to- !
day—once because of a passenger's !
illness, and again because of motor
failure—but none were injured and j
the plane was damaged only slightly.
Shortly after the plane left here
with six passengers for Washington,
Capt. Cecil Northrup, pilot, radioed
that one of the passengers was ill
and that he was returning. He was
advised to land at the niJval air sta
tion, where proper medical assist
ance could be obtained.
A few minutes after the passenger, i
A. Zeller, was removed from the
plane, Northrup took oH again but
"simultaneous failure" of both mo
tors forced him to land on a golf
course near the air station.
Garfield was the only President 1o
have been a professional evangelist [
before taking over the White House |
