# Vaccination Slips Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
Vaccination slips must be received
from all new students by 5 o'clock
tomorrow in the Administration
Building, it was announced by the
Registrar's office.
A $2 fine will be charged all stu
dents who have not filed certificates
by the required time; or if not filed
by Oct. 31 registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion. according to the Committee on
Public Health.
