# NEW METHOD OF MEASURING X-RAY DISCOVERED HERE
## 
### 
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
A method of measuring x-ray radia
tions which are one thousand to four
thousand times fainter than was pre
viously possible has been perfected
by the x-ray laboratory of this Uni
versity, according to Professor D. L.
Webster, head of the physics depart
ment.
Special equipment is required, and
the technique of the experiment is
very difficult as a special x-ray bulb
is required. This makes possible the
formation of extremely thin sheets of
mercury vapor which serve as targets
for the bombardment of x-rays. Re
search is also being made in spectro
scopy about the changes in various
states in the atoms of certain ele
ments. It is expected that the data
from these two sources will add ma
terially to the knowledge of atomic
structure.
Scientists here are also studying
the effect of atmospheric electricity
upon radio transmission, and the ef
fect of variations in the sun's radia
tion and volcanic eruption upon
climate.

Pottery vanity cases used by Israel
ite women have been unearthed on
the sites of ruined cities.

Regular air service will soon be
inaugurated between the chief cities
of the Dutch East Indies.
