# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
Durand House announces the on
gagement of Mary Lewis, '51, t,,
Woody Ogden, '51, California. They
will be married in September.
