# Degree Candidates Must File Applications Soon
## 
### 
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
The Registrar's oflicc announces
that candidates for the degree of
Baehclor of Arts or Bachelor of Sci
cnces should file applications im
mediately. Application blanks may
he obtained at the information win
dow in Room 111 A.
