# Vaccination Slips Due For New Students
## 
### 
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
i
Vaccination certificates a'"? due at |
(he Registrar's Office Monday for all j
now students. Failure to file certi
ficates will result in a fine of $2. If
certificates are not filed hy May 7,
registration in the University may he
cancelled by the Committee on Pub- j
lie Health.
