# Brandin Plans More Campus Parking Lots
## 
### 
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
Welcome news for campus car
owners is the announcement by
University Business Manager Alf
Brandin that three new parking lots
will be constructed and a present
one paved within the next few
months.
The largest of the four is the area
between the new eating club build
ing and Arguello Street. Presently
only a dirt lot, the ground will be
paved from Serra Street to within
a few feet of Toyon Hall's northern
wing. Paving of the permanent lot,
which will hold more than 100 cars,
will begin upon completion of the
eating club building.
The present road extending from
Arguello to the rear of Toyon will
be replaced by a driveway extend
ing from the end of Serra Street
around the back of the lot. A three
foot hedge will screen the lot from
Arguello.
A second aspirin for the campus
parking headache will be the ex
tension and paving of the present
Chemistry Building lot at Serra and
Lomita Streets. Down the road a
piece, the lawn area in front of con
demned Sequoia Hall will be paved
to make room for a parking area
for the electronic laboratories.
Space for 25 cars will be made at
the corner of Salvatierra and Ar
guello Streets, where the Alpha Sal
vatierra house, which was destroyed
by fire last fall, was located. The
University plans to pave only the
area where the house was situated
at first, and then if use demands it,
the rest of the area will be paved.
Once the Salvatierra lot is com
pleted, parking will be allowed on
one side only of Arguello, from La
suen Street to Alvarado Row.
