# Quads.
## 
### 
—Archie Rice, '95, of (lie Call,
was down for the Kirmess, Friday
night.
—J. F. King, coacli and trainer
of the Varsity track team last
season, was on the campus today.
—George Furbush, ".17, who is
principal of the high school at
Livermore this year, was on the
campus Saturday.
—Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
address the Woman's Club of Palo
Alto Wednesday, November 3, on
"Women and home life in 11a
w aii."
—Archie Rice, '95, of (lie Call,
was down for the Kirmess, Friday
night.
—J. F. King, coacli and trainer
of the Varsity track team last
season, was on the campus today.
—George Furbush, ".17, who is
principal of the high school at
Livermore this year, was on the
campus Saturday.
—Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
address the Woman's Club of Palo
Alto Wednesday, November 3, on
"Women and home life in 11a
w aii."
—Archie Rice, '95, of (lie Call,
was down for the Kirmess, Friday
night.
—J. F. King, coacli and trainer
of the Varsity track team last
season, was on the campus today.
—George Furbush, ".17, who is
principal of the high school at
Livermore this year, was on the
campus Saturday.
—Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
address the Woman's Club of Palo
Alto Wednesday, November 3, on
"Women and home life in 11a
w aii."
—Archie Rice, '95, of (lie Call,
was down for the Kirmess, Friday
night.
—J. F. King, coacli and trainer
of the Varsity track team last
season, was on the campus today.
—George Furbush, ".17, who is
principal of the high school at
Livermore this year, was on the
campus Saturday.
—Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
address the Woman's Club of Palo
Alto Wednesday, November 3, on
"Women and home life in 11a
w aii."
—Archie Rice, '95, of (lie Call,
was down for the Kirmess, Friday
night.
—J. F. King, coacli and trainer
of the Varsity track team last
season, was on the campus today.
—George Furbush, ".17, who is
principal of the high school at
Livermore this year, was on the
campus Saturday.
—Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
address the Woman's Club of Palo
Alto Wednesday, November 3, on
"Women and home life in 11a
w aii."
