# Adv. 30 Page 6
## 
### 
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
Yacov Dan
world famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
