# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
6:30 p.m. —Diversions: an en
tertainment feature with Mike
Lopez
