# DATE AGENCY FORMED
## 
### 
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
A dating bureau to Ret the students
acquainted lias been established by the
University of Colorado in order to pro
vide a more enjoyable social life and to
ultimately make the school more demo
cratic.
