# Schenck to Read Paper At Geology Club Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
Dr. Hubert G. Schenck will give a
paper on the subject of "Pacific Coast
i Fossil Lithothamnium Localities" at
the meeting of the Journal Club of
tlie Department of Geology tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Geology building.
The meeting is open to all inter
lested.
