# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
Ford dealers have been advised that
no changes in model are contemplated
at this time.
