# STANFORD INVITED TO EASTERN CREW RACES NEXT SPRING
## 
### 
Although no official message
has yet been received, Stanford
will be extended an invitation by
the Intercollegiate Rowing As
sociation to participate in this
year's championships at Pough
keepsie, New York, on June 29,
states a dispatch to the Los An
geles Times.
Washington, California, Anna
polis, Princeton, Massachusetts
Tech, and Leland Stanford, "if
"the latter is again a contender
for Far Western honors," are to
be invited.
Crew at Stanford last appeared
as an intercollegiate sport with
the season of 1919-1920. The rea
sons for its termination were the
expense and inconvenience in
volved. Frequent attempts, most
ly by flic Chappie and the Daily,
| have been unsuccessful in reviv
ing the sport as a Stanford ac
tivity.
