# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
HELP!
We need some help in our cir
culation department. Have you
ever tried out your selling
ability on the general public?
If not here's a good chance to
make the experiment profitably.
We need men or women to do
house-to-house canvassing in
Palo Alto and vicinity. Part
time work will be Ok with us.
Good pay for those who can
produce the business.
Apply before 10:30 a.m. or
after 4: 30 p.m. to K. T. Board
man, circulation manager of the
Palo Alto Times
j
i
