# Earthshocks In Persia Continue To Wreak Havoc
## Several Villages Destroyed, 2,000 Persons Killed, Buildings Ruined 
### 
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 5. (JP) —
Telegraphic advices today told of hor
rible havoc in the Khorassan district
of northeast Persia, where earth
quakes continue after causing three
days of terror.
Several villages have been literally
destroyed and unofficial estimates
were that 2000 persons had perished.
In the cities of Shirwan and Bujuard,
near the Turkestan border, 700 build
ings were demolished.
Askhabad, Russian Turkestan, re
ported four violent earthquakes last
Friday, destroying many houses on
both sides of the international line
and killing eleven persons and injur
ing forty in the Turkestan cities.
Medical aid was sent to the Persian
victims who were in much greater
numbers.
