# SOPHOMORE JOLLY-UP
## 
### 
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
There will be a sophomore class
Jolly-up in the Women's Clubhouse to
morrow night from 7 until 8 o'clock.
The class of '31 has given a Jolly-up
each quarter this year, this being
their third.
