# FIRST MODEL T
## 
### 
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
San Francisco State will meet its
first Model T tonight against Cali
fornia Poly at San Luis Obispo in a
grid fracas.
