# Soviet Admits Slow Retreat
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
MOSCOW, Oct. .'3l (UP).—Plung
ing Nazi divisions, already overrun
ning the Crimea nad the Donets
industrial basin, have crashed
through Soviet defenses at "several
points" in the Tula sector 110 miles
south of Moscow, the Soviet radio
admitted early today.
Soviet workmen reportedly rushed
into the defense lines and were
fighting side by side with Red Army
troops in an effort to stop a ter
rific onslaught of Nazi tanks and
armored cars, supported by dive
bombers.
Although inflicting heavy losses in
men and equipment on the oncoming
Germans, the Russians admittedly
were being pushed back "step by
step."
Battles roared before Moscow,
Rostov and Leningrad. The lines
swayed back and forth in a welter
of carnage, with many villages and
strong points repeatedly changing
hands.
