# BABE TEAM TO MEET BEARS WEDNESDAY IN FIRST TILT OF SERIES
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
Stanford's freshman basketball
team will probably enter its first
game of the California babe series
next Wednesday night with the same
line-up as that with which they began
the season, it became evident this
week with the return to the team of
Vance Fawcett. Fawcett, a former
first-string center, was forced to dis
continue practice temporarily several
weeks ago resulting from the failure
to pass a recent medical examination.
This combination, which includes
Mears, Fawcett, Hawkins, Reynolds,
and Tampcke, came to the front at
the beginning of the season by win
ning the interclass series and defeat
ing their first outside opponents by
large scores.
Despite the hopes which its reunit
ing have aroused. Coach "Muggs"
Mitchell still doubts whether the
team will be in first-class form when
they travel to Berkeley next week.
Many of the players are out of train
ing as a result of the quarantine.
