# Council Warns Violators Of Campus Traffic Laws
## 
### 
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
Traffic violators who do not appear
before the Men's Council when sum
moned for trial hereafter will have
fines levied upon them regardless, ac
cording to an action passd by that
body at its meeting yesterday after
noon.
