# BRITISH, AMERICAN BANKERS MAKE HUGE YUGOSLAVIAN LOAN
## 
### 
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
BELGRADE, Feb. 7.—(U.P.)—Yugo
slavia has successfully negotiated a
substantial loan with British and
American banking interests, Finance
Minister Marcovitch announced to
day.
The British Consorium, he said, is
headed by Rothschild, Schroeder, and
Bering, while the American bankers
include Kuhn, Loeb, and Company,
Blair and Company, and the Chase
Securities Company.
