# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices. -
MISS C. MURRAY.
Proprietor.
! Telephone P. A. 67
STANFORD MEAT CO.
MEAT, POULTRY, FISH
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO, CAL.
