# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
jjj 25 years
i Active
§ Experience
I * , ,n
I " San I-rancisco
(HALL:
j) Optician j
| 155 UNIVERSITY AVE. 1
it . • I
= Maker of =
! | GLASSES THAT FIT j
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Illlilllllllllllllllllllllllll'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllU
|! Men and Boys' j
|| HATS I
j| CLOTHING |
I CAPS I
I and Furnishings S
I CHRISTY- I
j RHODES CO. j
170 University Ave.
tMlUlllllllllllllllllllltllllltlllllllltllllllllllllliillllltllilltliliiiiu
