# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 15 o'clock the day
before publication.
