# Men's Swim Class Openings Available
## 
### 
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
Openings in the elementary swim
ming class for men are still open,
according to Myron Sprague, as
sociate director of athletics and
swimming instructor. The class is
taught Monday, Wednesday ;ind Fri
day at 4:20 p.m. in Encina Pool.
