# Navymen Here For Business Course
## 
### 
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
Twenty - three students of the
Naval Postgraduate School at Del
Monte arrived at Stanford this week
for an intensive eightf-week course
in the Graduate School of Business.
The officers are studying ord
nance at Del Monte and will even
tually be assigned to Navy posts in
close contact with industry. All of
them have completed two years of
graduate work in mechanical engi
neering.
