# Insurance Men
## 
### 
Seventy-nine California insurance J
men today are completing the week
long fifth annual Advanced Agency
Management Conference at Stanford.
The conference is sponsored joint
ly by the Stanford Graduate School
of Business and the California As
sociation of Insurance Agents.
Dean Laurence Ackerman of the
University of Connecticut business
school and Richard E. Fairer, secre
tary of the National of Hartford
Group of Insurance Companies, who
are in charge of the conference, are
among the instructors.
Others are John Bolton, Los An- i
geles insurance attorney; Lucien
Mather of Remington Rand, Inc., in
Los Angeles; and W. B. McWhirter,
San Francisco branch manager for !
International Business Machines
Corporation.
