# Outstanding Profs Here For Summer
## 
### 
The summer quarter faculty in
cludes visiting faculty members
from other colleges and universities
throughout the United States.
A partial list of outstanding visit
ing faculty members includes the
following:
Graduate School of Business:
Laurence J. Acfcerman, Dean of the
School of Business Administration,
University of Conecticut. School of
Education: George D. Strayer,
Teachers College, Columbia Uni
versity; William H. E. Johnson, De
partment of Education and Psychol
ogy, Carnegie Institute of Technol
ogy-
Department of Chemistry: Gosta
Ehrensvard, Wenner-Gren Institute,
Stockholm, Sweden. Department of
Economics: Ralph Turvey, London
School of Economics. Department of
History: H. M. Ehrmann, head of
the Department of History, Univer
sity of Michigan.
Special Programs in Humanities:
Alfonso Espinosa, University of San
Marcos, Lima. Peru. Department of
Physics: Eugene Feenberg, Depart
ment of Physics, Princeton Univer
sity.
Department of Psychology: Albert
Campbell, Department of Psychol
ogy, University of Michigan. De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, William A. Less, Depart
ment of Anthropology, University of
California at Los Angeles.
Department of Speech and Dra
ma: Lionel Crocker, Department of
Speech, Denison University. De
partment of Political Science: John
N. Hazard, specialist on the Soviet
Union, Columbia University.
