# Food Service patently pathetic in fulfilling obligation to students
## 
### 
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
I sympathize with the unfortunate
students who are going through Food
Service's disservice to fair prices. How
ever, I am a student who lives in a

dorm that doesn't even provide a point
system. Under the all-you-can-eat sys
tem, each meal costs between $8 and '
$10, whether one chooses to eat a bagel
or 20 servings of "Mahi-mahi." Believe
me, no human could eat as much
prison-grade food as could be purchased
for $10.
Already this year, Food Service has
tried to pull a fast one on the Row Hous
es that normally have University-sup
plied cooks by shipping them trucks full
of cold, left-over entrees. Now they are
trying to blame their high prices on
overhead.
If overhead is truly what causes Food
Service to cost so much, I suggest they
make some sensible moves such as cen
tralizing cafeterias on campus. When the
cost of food is so far removed from its
true value, it is no wonder there are a lot
of complaints.
And when it is obvious that Food Ser
vice is full of wasteful, incompetent
management, it is no wonder that mis
takes such as the current point-system
debacle occur.
Dan Edfeld
Sophomore, undeclared
