# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
Tickets for "Androcles and the
Lion" may be secured any time
today, tomorrow, or Friday, by
applying at J. E. McDowell's of
fice upstairs in the Administra
tion building. A considerable
number of goods seats are still
available.
