# First Round Matches in Net Tourney Are Played
## 
### 
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
Play is progressing rapidly in the
fall tennis tournament, and most of
the first round matches have been
played off. Charles W. Davis, who has
charge of the tourney has asked that
all men play off their first-round
matches by tonight, and that wherever
possible second-round matches be
played before the end of the week.
Matches not played off at once will
be defaulted, Davis said.
