# Change of Date.
## 
### 
In consequence of the inclement
weather work on the new track of the
Midwinter Fair has been retarded and
the date of the California Midwinter
Championships has been changed from
March 3to March 10. A two mile
running race has been added to the pro
gram. Entrees for the team race and
for the National Guard will close
March 3. Entries for other races close
March 6.
In consequence of the inclement
weather work on the new track of the
Midwinter Fair has been retarded and
the date of the California Midwinter
Championships has been changed from
March 3to March 10. A two mile
running race has been added to the pro
gram. Entrees for the team race and
for the National Guard will close
March 3. Entries for other races close
March 6.
In consequence of the inclement
weather work on the new track of the
Midwinter Fair has been retarded and
the date of the California Midwinter
Championships has been changed from
March 3to March 10. A two mile
running race has been added to the pro
gram. Entrees for the team race and
for the National Guard will close
March 3. Entries for other races close
March 6.
