# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
With you the oobi"
I is content, knowing that its
homelessness will end. . I
'''''
