# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
A Big Jumbo Tube
KLENZO
SHAVING CREAM
39c
A cream which will
lather freely in hot or
cold water. A favorite
with many because it
softens the beard with
out rubbing.
WEINGARTNER & CO.
THE REXALL STORE
Next to Stanford Theatre
Palo Alto
