# MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY PLANS TO CUT UNFIT FROM UPPER DIVISION
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN —
(I.P.) —As a method of "weeding out"
students deemed unfit to enter upper
classes for higher education, the re
gents of the University of Michigan
have adopted plans for the establish
ment of a university college.
The plan, as suggested by Dr. Clar
ence C. Little, president of the uni
versity, provides that all students
under the rank of junior will be en
rolled in the university college, and
will be given diplomas for advance
ment when they have satisfactorily
completed the two-year preparatory
course.
Those who are deemed capable of
entering specialized work in the upper
classes will go into the various
schools and colleges, while those be
lieved to be unadapted to further
university work will be graduated
from the university college.
