# GUERARD'S ESPERANTO CLASS MEETS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
Professor Albert Guerard's class in
Esperanto will meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock tonight. It
is still open to anyone who wishes to
join.
