# INDIANS FIFTH
## 
### 
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
Stanford slipped from third in j
1963 to fifth this year in the;
AAWU All-Sports competition. If
WSU, which de-emphasizes some
minor sports, i* excluded, the In
dians were dead last. USC won for
the second straight year, with 60.
points. Next were Washington, 56,
Cal and UCLA, 51, Stanford, 40,
and Washington Stale, 19. Nino
sports are included.
