# Rats Rejoice In Tituppy Titles At Psych Laboratory
## 
### 
Graduate student William Dan
ner merits consideration as Stan
ford's outstanding namer of rats.
It was over in Dr. Albert Wal
ton's General Psychology class
that the perplexing problem of
appropriating titles to a pair of
trained rats arose.
Then Danner met the situation.
Utilizing trained powers of ob
servation he noticed that while
one rat scampered about with a
tail, the appendage was "in ab
sentia" as to the other.
To the proud animal with a tail
he gave the name "Hali," honoring
the comet of the same name which
had a long tail. To the poor rat
without a tail he gave the name
of "Tosis," taken from the sta
tistical term "kurtosis," meaning
to shorten.
Hali and Tosis are the best of
friends. They are on display in
room 4118.
