# Engelhardt To Bare Present Plight Of Public Education
## 
### 
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
Fred Engelhardt, acting professor of
education for the summer quarter, will
address the men of the School of Edu
cation at their weekly luncheon in the
Union tomorrow.
Professor Engelhardt, who comes
from the University of Minnesota, will
appropriately speak on the topic, "The
Plight of Public Education in the Mid
west." He will point out some of the
problems facing educators in that sec
tion.
"The basic problem is that of the
local unit of school administration.
They are now too small for the main
tenance of modern and efficient school
systems and must be combined to give
the proper support," Engelhardt says.
