# DR. ENGELHARDT
## 
### 

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.

Acting Professor Fred Engelhardt,
who will speak on "The Plight of Pub
lic Education in the Midwest" at the
weekly Education men's luncheon to
morrow noon.
