# Hillsborough Concerts End
## 
### 
The eighth season of the summer
symphony at the Hillsborough Wood
land Theatre will end Sunday after
noon with the final concert to be di
rected by Ossip Gabrilowitsch.
This is Gabrilowitsch's second con
cert at the Woodland Theatre this sea
son, his first performance of a week
ago having met with great favor from
the audience. He has again arranged a
program for the more popular of the
classic works. Outstanding on the pro
gram will be a violin obligato in
Rimsky-Korsakoff's "Scherazade" by
Naou Blinder .orchestral concert mas
ter.
Included on the program will be
Gluck's "Ballet Suite," arranged for
modern orchestra by Mottl, "Prelude
and Love-Death" from Wagner's "Tris
tan," and the "Polovetski Dances" from
Borodin's "Prince Igor."
