# University Comptroller Is Candidate In Election Today
## 
### 
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
Two tickets are in the field in the
election today in which voters of Santa
Clara county will name candidates to
constitute a board of freeholders for
drafting a county charter providing for
home rule.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University, is a candidate on the Citi
zens' League ticket, the original party
in the field. The opposition group has
not yet made its platform clear. It
styles itself the Economy League.
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, head of
the political science department, has
been contributing a series of articles to
the Palo Alto Times explaining the
election.
