# Diving Amuses Audience At Swimming Pentathlon
## 
### 
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
Amateur diving greatly amused the
crowd that watched the contestants in
the swimming pentathlon compete in
diving, the third event of the program
in the Encina pool Friday afternoon.
Norman Sears took top honors in the
senior dvision, while Kendall Elling
wood led the novice group iVi easy
fashion.
Behind Sears in the senior field was
Frank Parker, trailed by Kenneth Liv
ingston and Jack Clumeck, while Dick
Buckwalter and Harold Juda followed
Ellingwood in the novice class.
