# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
LISTEN . . .
and RELAX
a new Capitol LP which
will really fix you up for
lazy weekend.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
