# MINK BITES FOX
## 
### 
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
COEUR D'ALENE, Ida.. Oct. 18
(UP) —Fred Fox was treated today
for a mink bite.
