# Fighting in Egypt
## 
### 
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
CAIRO. Egypt — Bloody clashes, I
with Egyptian and British troops \
exchapging gunfire, crackled in the
Suez Canal Zone today. The fight
ing backed up Britain's declared in
tention to hold on to the disputed
area guarding her Far Eastern life
line.
British sources said fire from au
tomatic arms ripped into a British
truck convoy today on the road be
tween the Suez Canal Zone cities of
Ismailia and Ten El Kehir.
Strict Egyptian censorship ob- |
scured all details of that encounter,
but Egyptian authorities confirmed I
an earlier armed clash in which
Egyptian soldiers were killed when I
they fired on British troops who |
seized control of El Ferdan Bridge
—the only span crossing the "big j
ditch of Suez."
