# Mendenhall to Lecture To-morrow.
## 
### 
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
W. C. Mendenhall of the United
States Geological Survey will give
an illustrated lecture on "The Col
orado Desert and the Salton Sea"
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in
room 68 on the quad. The lecture
is given under the auspices of the
Geological Society. No admission
will be charged.
