# Philological Association Meets.
## 
### 
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
The Philological Association met
Thursday afternoon and discussed
papers read by Professors A. T.
Murray and C. Searles. The paper
prepared by Professor A. T. Mur
ray treated of the subject "Gram
matical Note on Xenophon"; that
read by Professor C. Searles treat
ed of "The Stageability of the
Tragedies of Gamier."
