# Farm Band to Give Concerts. on Lake
## 
### 
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
Band concerts at the lake will be
presented for spring quarter sun
ners and swimmers on remaining
Friday afternoons by members of
the Stanford band under the leader
ship of Charles R. Bubb, director,
as approved by Ex Committee at
Tuesday's meeting.
Senior debate awards, as recom
mended by Debate Council, were
granted by Excom to Robert Newell,
Lincoln Moses, Maurice Knox,
Charles Stimson, Colgate Dorr, Syd
ney Terry, Ernest Clark, and Milton
Marks.
