# Navy Air Hoard Begins Exams
## Officers Interview Students Today, 9-4 
### 
Lieutenants George Davis and
Harry Williams, of the Naval Avia
tion Cadet Selection Board, will be
in the B.A.C. today and tomorrow
from 9 to 4 o'clock to interview and
to examine all Stanford students in
terested in entering naval flying.
Entrance requirements are that the
applicants be 20 to 27 years old, un
married, American citizens, and have
had at least two years of college
credits.
Preliminary flight training lasts
approximately 30 hours and from
there cadets go to Pensacola for
eight months of advanced flight
training. Cadets will then be com
missioned as ensigns on duty with
the fleet.
After 18 months' active duty, ca
dets may apply for a commission in
the regular Navy, which position
pays $245 a month.
According to Lt. Davis, C.AA.
students such as those trained by
Stanford arc expected to solo in 6
to 8 hours.
