# DRIVERS' PAY RAISED
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
PORTLAND, Ore., May 14 (UP).—
Portland pickup and delivery truck
drivers won a 30-cent daily wage
increase and city truckers and road
drivers received a week's vacation
with pay under two agreements
signed with operators today.
