# 'Blackmailed?'
## 
### 

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)

WHILE the Parisian press cried
that President Rosevelt is "black
mailing" French Dictator Marshall
Henri Petain (above), the French
cabinet yesterday approved Adolph
Hitler's scheme of Franco-German
collaboration. (See story at left)
