# Cady Replaces Bulotti in Show
## Track Team Will Go To Dress Rehearsal 
### 
Charlie Bulotti, slated to play
Toots Grinelli in "How's Your Cir
culation?" tomorrow and Saturday
nights, will be replaced by Bud
Cady, author and director of the
show, Bulotti got the measles yes
terday.
Director Cady in making the an
nouncement stated that all he needed
to do now was sell tickets and shift
scenery. "Then I guess I'd be versa
tile," he said.
Final dress rehearsal will be held
tonight with the varsity track team
acting as trial audience. Coach
Pitch Johnson accepted the invita
tion in the name of the team, which
will be unable to attend a regular
performance because of the Fresno
Relays.
In the audience on Saturday night
will be Professor C. C. Cushing of
the University of California, who is
regional judge for the ASCAP col
lege musical competition, in which
"How's Your Circulation?" is en
tered.
Tickets for the show are selling
out fast, according to Dramatic Man
ager Bob Rich. They may be secured
in the A.S.S.U. office today and to
morrow. Tomorrow and Saturday
nights they will be on sale at the
Memorial Hall box office.
