# Cottrell to Address Med Graduation
## 
### 
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
Speaking on "Defending De
mocracy," Professor Edwin A. Cot
trell of the Stanford political science
department will tonight address the
graduating class of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San
Fancisco. Ceremonies start at 8
o'clock in (he War Memorial Audi
torium.
Dr. Henry Clay Veatch, Jr., presi
dent of the college, will award de
grees of Doctor of Dental Surgery
and Bachelor of Science to the 27
members of the class, 45th to grad
uate from the school. The invoca
tion will be read by the Rev. Ezra
Allen Van Nuys of Calvary Presby
terian Church, the salutation will
be presented by Dr. Ilarry A. True
of the faculty, and the valedictory
address will b given by Carolus E.
Kusel of Berkeley.
