# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement of Betty Pleasant, '40,
to Angus Johnston, '40, Kappa
Alpha.
