# Frosh Receive Fifty Canoes For Round-up
## 
### 
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
Keynoted by the theme of the Last
Round-up, preparations for the
freshman picnic May 24 on Lake
Lagunita went into their final stages
this week.
Emphasizing the fact that this will
be the last social gathering of the
entire freshman class as a unit,
Chairman Ted Eberle asked all
members of the Class of '44 to keep
that Saturday open for the great
day.
Over 50 canoes have been re
leased from the various campus
groups for the exclusive use of
freshman students on Last Round
up Day, according to Bruce Lyon,
co-chairman of the program com
mittee.
Posters for the affair went up yes
terday which were drawn under the
direction of Anne Alton, publicity
committee co - chairman. Among
those assisting her were Bobbe
Jones, Eloise Courtwright, Do die
Crile, Janet McClanahan, Dick
Driscoll, Maxwell Myers, Doug
Hastings, and Harry Reichling.
