# Ski Club To Show Motion Pictures
## 
### 
Sound motion pictures in color of
skiing at Sun Valley will be shown
tomorrow night as part of the pro-
gram of the quarter's second Ski
Club meeting. It will be held at 8
o'clock in Room 320, Geology Cor
ner.
The movies are being presented by
Union Pacific, which operates the
concession at Sun Valley. The pic-
tures will show the F.I.S. race last
year and ski instruction at the re-
sort. Also on the program will be a
short talk by Bob Black, who sur-
passed Dartmouth and Chilean ski-
ers this summer to win the slalom
in Chile.
The program has been scheduled
so that students can attend the La-
gunita jolly-up before coming to
the meeting, according to President
Bill Janss.
