# REYNOLDS ENDS TOURS
## 
### 
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
Jim Reynolds, Stanford student
body president and National A.A.U.
shotput champion during the year
1937, returned ot his Flintridge
home a week ago after having com
pleted an around the world tour.
