# LOMBARDI TOP PLAYER
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 (UP).—Ernie
Lombardi, Cincinnati's rouyh and
ready catcher famed for his line
drives through the infield, today suc
ceeded Joe Medwick a.s the National
League's most valuable player.
Medwick dropped to eleventh place.
