# Hitler Asks for Colonies
## 
### 

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.

CHANCELLOR HITLER of Germany said that he would not ask for
anything more in Europe after partitioning of the Sudeten areas.
However, his new quest is the rcacquisition of Germany's war-lost
colonies formerly owned by Germany but distributed to other coun
tries by the Treaty of Versailles.
