# Speakers Bureau To 'Crash' S.F.
## 
### 
"The Speakers Bureau is going to
try to 'crash' San Francisco," ac
cording to Bram Gorter, bureau
manager, who will explain the func
tions of the bureau at the meeting
I riday of the Central Council of
Civic Clubs in San Francisco. John
Porter of the bureau will discuss
Federal Housing at the same con
clave.
"In the past years, we have had a
small quota of engagements in San
I' rancisco, said Gorter. "However,
we hope to secure favorable atten
tion by speaking Friday before rep
resentatives of many of the San
Francisco groups that have speakers
at their meetings."
The bureau is a non-partisan, non
profit organization that offers Stan
fords speaking talent to bay area
audiences. Speakers now on the
roster are John Porter, Konrad
Krauskopf, Robert Maiden. Jack An
derson, Enid Olivi, Douglas Bryan,
Bob Livingstone, Norma Dales, Ted
Lyon, Dick Lyon, and Stan Ander
son. Mary Beaton and Bill Braistcd
arc assistant managers.
