# SIGMA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
Intrrfraternity council announce®
the pledging of Herschel Cobb, '40,
to Sigma Chi.
