# Hawaiian Study Forms Available
## 
### 
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
Bulletins, application forms,
Summer session catalogues and
transportation availabilities for
the 1959 Summer Sesson at Uni
versity of Hawaii may be re
ceived by writing to Dr. Robert
E. Cralle, University Study Tour
to Hawaii, 3305 Wilshire Blvd.,
Los Angeles 5, Calif.
The literature describes in de
tail the six-week program includ
ing courses offered, accommoda
tions, travel arrangements, so
cial and travel events, complete
costs and fees for the entire sum
mer program.
