# Big Match Win For Golfers Too
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
Stanford's varsity golf team
'continued its winning ways as it
increased its undefeated match
play string to 10 straight by de
feating the University of Califor
nia, 24- to Saturday on the
Stanford links.
Meanwhile the Card frosh link
•sters were dumping Robert Louis
Stevenson School by a decisive
26V&-to- , a score.
Soph Bob Snelling was the top
medal player for the varsity team
as ho shot a very fine 73 on the
windy course. Close at his heels
were Jack Lamev with a 74, Ron
Preston with a 75 and Jim Kardas
with a 78.
