# DROUGHT THREATENS CROPS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).-
Unusually dry weather in some sec
tions of the United States has raise
the: threat of a serious drought.
