# ROTH HOLDS OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
Roth House throws open its doors
Sunday afternoon before the barbe
cue to all on- and off-campus vet
erans. The informal 2-5 open house
will feature dancing, cards, and re
freshments according to Shirley
Calder, chairman.
