# Husky, Trojan Among Week's National Stars
## 
### 
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
National football stars of last Sat
urday included two from the Pa
cific Coast: Bill Smith of Washing
ton and Irv Warburton of U.S.C.,
the Associated Press reports.
Mike Sebastian, Pittsburgh: ran 78
yards for one touchdown and helped
score another in 14-0 victory for
Notre Dame.
Dave Wilcox, Georgia Tech: pro
vided team's margin'in 10-6 victory
over North Carolina by kicking a
field goal and a point after touch
down.
Irv Warburton, Southern Califor
nia: scored winning touchdown
against California on 59-yard run in
last period.
Bill Smith, Washington: booted
two field goals to beat Stanford.
Pug Lund, Minnesota: led in ball
carrying and blocking against lowa.
Bill Clark, Dartmouth: sprinted 55
yards in last minute of play for
touchdown that tied Harvard 7-7.
