# NEWS DIGEST from The Associated Press
## NRA Checkmated? 
### 
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
General Johnson's attempt to
"crack down" on NRA violators was
given a slight setback yesterday. A
Now York contractor, denied a fat
postoflice contract because he had
failed to sign F.R.'s re-employment
agreement, asked U.S. Court to en
join granting of the job. Justice
Letts agreed; NRA is temporarily
checkmated.
—o —
On the same front, the irate Wash
ington Ford dealer whose bid for
CCC trucks w;is thrown out filed
formal protest with rotund Comp
troller General O'Connor. Backing
up Federal Government, Ohio's Slate
Highway Department will boycott
Ford, thus giving the individualist
motormaker a double crack across
the knuckles.
In Washington officials pondered
possible results if portions of NRA
—now subjected to court scrutiny—
are held unconstitutional. Most per
sistent speculation: Preamble to
NRA declares national emergency;
therefore gives F.R. power to sus
pend conflicting laws. Query: Does
this extend to the Constitution?
