# NEW PREMIER
## 
### 

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)

Albert Sarraut, former French
cabinet member and banker, has
been designated by President Le
brun to head a new cabinet to suc
ceed the fallen Daladier ministry.
(A.P. Photo)
