# MAY DEBATE WASHINGTON.
## Northern University Desires To Open Negotiations For Intercollegiate Contest. 
### 
President A. A. Murphy, '08, has
received a communication from De
bating Manager Rasmussen of the
University of Washington, asking
that debating relations between the
two universities be renewed. Action
on the proposal will be taken by the
Executive Committee this evening.
Itasmuasen desires that a debate
be held this year on some question
of interest to the Pacific Coast and
that the teams be comprised of but
two men, thus lessening the expense.
If is probable that Washington's pro
posal will be declined on acount of
the fact that the Carnot and Inter
collegiate debates would make it im
possible for many of the Stanford
men to enter a tryout for a team to
meet the Northern university.
