# JOHNSON SILENT ON ENTRY IN PRIMARY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. f/P)—While 1
Senator Johnson, of California, kept
silent today on an invitation to go
into the Republican presidential '
race, Senator Nye of North Dakota j
said: "I have hope that Senator |
Johnson is going to declare himself
a candidate."
