# PLAN CRUISER RACE FOR OLYMPIC GAMES
## 
### 
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
LONG BEACH, Jan. 12. (/!') — A ;
power cruiser handicap race from j
Seattle, Wash., to Long Beach, the ;
longest ever planned, probably will j
be a part of the Tenth Olympiad j
Games yachting program, boating j
officials said today.
The plans for the race were drawn ,
up at a meeting of directors of the
Long Beach Yacht Club and efforts ;
will be made to interest every out
standing club on the coast in the
event.
