# BEAUTY CONTEST TODAY
## 
### 
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
Girls — get (hose old-fashioned
bathing suits fixed up for the Back
to the Farm Day bathing beauty
contest today at 2 p.m. at the Boat
house.
