# Chappie Rated Third in Nation
## 
### 
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
In a. college humor poll conducted
by the Michigan State Spartan re
cently, the Stanford Chaparral was
voted the nation's third best colle
giate humor magazine. The first two
places were taken by the tradition
favored Yale Record and the Har
vard Lampoon.
"Ask the man who runs one" was
the plan behind the selections. The
choices were made by polling the
editors of 3(5 humor magazines. The
first ten choices were as follows:
Ist, Yale Record; 2nd, Harvard
Lampoon; 3rd, Stanford Chaparral;
4th, Missouri Showme; sth, Califor
nia Pelican; 6th, Ohio State Sundial;
7th, Michigan State Spartan; Bth.
Cornell Widow; Tth, Dartmouth
Jackolantern; and 10th, Minnesota
Ski-U-Mah.
This poll is the first that has
been conducted by the Michigan
State Spartan and will very likely
become a yearly event. It should
tend to encourage competition
among the many college humor
magazines.
