# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
Village 208 announces the en
gagement of Norman Callaway to
Ardith Schrepel of San Diego. Mi>-
Sohrepel is a senior in the school o
nursing at the University of Cali
fornia. Callaway is a senior in psy
chology.
