# DAILY CHAPEL SERVICE NO LONGER EXPERIMENTAL.
## 
### 
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
The holding of a daily chapel service
has so far been emminently successful.
The service is held in the Vestry Room
of the Memorial Church at 8:05 each
morning. It lasts ten or twelve min
utes, giving the students time to at
tend classes during the first period.
The Chaplain conducts the service,
which is very simple and entirely de
votional in character. There is no ad
dress.
The attendance has ranged between
twelve and fifty. The service having
passed beyond the experimental stage,
it. is the Chaplain's wish to make it
better known. Students are cordially
invited to attend whenever it may be
possible.
