# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
There are 430 enrolled in the Agri
cultural College of the University of
Wisconsin.
The I'tiih Agricultural College has
added courses in the production of
honey and fish culture to its curri
culum.
