# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
The rule compelling fraternities and
sororities to pledge only sophomores
has been abandoned this year at the
University of Kansas. Records for
last year show that fraternity and
sorority students made higher marks
than tho3e outside.
