# ENGLISH CLUB MEETS
## W.H.B. FOWLER, '06, ELECTED PRESIDENT LAST NIGHT. Professor Kellogg Describes His Samoan Trip and Gives Reminiscences of Stevenson. 
### 
The second meeting of the Eng
lish Club for the preHent semester
was held yesterday evening at 19
Salvatierra street. The principal
business before the meeting was the
choice of a president, A. R. Flet
cher, ex-'O6, the president-elect,
having failed to return to college.
Mr. Fletcher's resignation was ac
cepted, and W. H. B. Fowler, '06,
was unanimously elected to succeed
him as head of the organization.
The new president has been very
prominent in undergraduate activ
ities throughout his college career.

He was a member of the 1906 Quad
hoard, and last year served an edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Al
to. He is a member of the Press
Club, the Quadrangle Club, and the
Encina Club, and is also a member
of the Sigma Sigma society. In
his sophomore year he represented
his class on the Executive Commit
tee.
Besides the election of the presi
dent, no furthur business came up
before the meeting. Professor V.
L. Kellogg of the Department of
Entomology addressed the meeting,
giving an account of his trip to Sa
moa some years ago, which he took
in company with Dr. Jordan. Mr.
Kellogg told many interesting anec
dotes of Robert Louis Stevenson,
the famous author, who was at that
time residing on the islands. In
connection with his talk, Mr. Kel
logg read some selections from an
unpublished novel written by the
captain of a South Sea trader. The
hook was written at the suggestion

of Stevenson, who urged the old
trader to embody some of his many
strange experiences in a novel.
At the conclusion of Professor
Kellogg's talk, Dr. Zueblin of the
department of sociology of the
University of Chicago and Dr. Jor
dan spoke briefly. The election of
new members to the club will take
place at the meeting of the execu
tive committee next Monday night.

