# Seniors to Hold Jolly-Up For University Wednesday
## 
### 
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
All students of the University are
invited to attend the jolly-up given
by the seniors in the Women's Club
house Wednesday night from 7 to 8
o'clock.
This is the first time a class has
been host to an all-University jolly
up. Louis Creveling is in charge.
