# STUDENT PRESIDENTS OF JUNIOR COLLEGES TO MEET ON CAMPUS
## More Than Thirty Delegates To Be A.S.S.U. Guests During Week-End 
### 
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
Student presidents of the junior
colleges of the state will be the
guests of Stanford University this
week-end at a meeting of the Califor
nia Student Presidents Association.
Besides the president each junior col
lege will send another delegate, mak
ing about thirty in all. Carl Ulrich,
president at Modesto Junior College,
is president of the association.
An attempt will be made by the
A.S.S.U. to get the ideas of the dele
gates on the abolition of the lower
division at Stanford and what their
position should be if they came here.
The delegates who arrive Friday
afternoon or evening will be the
guests of the A.S.S.U. at the Sopho
more Play, "Expressing Willie." Sat
urday morning at 9 o'clock they will
be shown about the campus. At 10
o'clock they will have their first
meeting, at which President Wilbur
will give the welcoming address. Dan
Evans, former Stanford student presi
dent who spoke at the Big Game
Rally, and Murray Draper, president
of the A.S.S.U., will also talk at the
meeting. A business session will be
held Saturday afternoon.
