# COAST DIRECTORS OF PHYSICAL EDUCATION HOLD FIRST MEETING
## 
### 
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
Pacific Coast Directors of Physical
Education at Colleges and Universi
ties held their first annual meeting
at Stanford Friday and Saturday. Ten
representatives from both conference
and non-conference schools attended.
Problems of hygiene and physical
education in general were taken up
for discussion. Dr. Thomas A. Storey,
Director of Encina Gymnasium, ad
dressed the meeting on "Methods of
Teaching Hygiene."
