# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the athletics of most uni
versities at this time of the year
cross-country running occupies a
very prominent position. Why it
has never been adopted at Stanford
seems almost unanswerable. Cer
tainly there can be no natural ob
jection urged against it, as is the
case with rowing, on account of our
situation. It can rather be said
that no other university has better
facilities for distance runs than
have we and, once instituted, they
should assume the important and
regular position in our athletics
which they deserve. Aside from
itself, cross-country running plays
into the hands of other sports. It
would virtually be active training
for football players, besides indi
rectly developing men for all
branches of athletics. If cross
country running cannot be started
for itself, its institution as training
for some athletics which we already
have would be a most welcome in
auguration.
