# Reception Committee.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the committee
on arrangements for the entertain
ment of the Berkeley students on
the campus next Saturday at the
field-day and concert in the even
ing, a plan to take care of the
crowd was decided upon. The
members of the committee were di
vided into squads to meet the
morning trains. The excursion
train, which will come in on the
siding as far as Encina, will be
met by all the members of both
com mittees.
Accommodations for visitors who
wish to remain over night can be
had at Roble and Encina lull's,
and at the hotel in Palo Alto.
Winston will make extra provision
to feed the crowd.
Dr. Jordan has consented to have
the museum open, free. The arch
will also be open.
