# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
Dinah's
Free chili
MEMO:
Remind us to run ad—
first shipment since
holidays of RCA 45 at
tachments
$12.95
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
vro I TT»
