# BEVIN IMPROVES
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (UP)—The con
dition of Foreign Secretary Ernest
'Bevin, who has pneumonia, was sat
isfactory this evening, it was an
nounced.
