# FROSH DUES
## 
### 
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Frosh dues of will be collected j
from off - campus freshman women
tomorrow from 1 to 2 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
