# STUDENT FEDERALISTS
## 
### 
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
"An Answer to the Communist
Manifesto" will be presented and
discussed at an open meeting spon
sored by the Stanford Student Fed
eralists tonight at 8 in the Women's
! Clubhouse.
