# Once Around the Quad
## Official Notices LAGUNITA NOMINATIONS 
### 
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
Nominations will be held for La
gunita Court officers today and to
morrow. Girls are urged to get in
their nominations as early as pos- 1
sible.
