# EL CUADRO
## 
### 
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
El Cuadro will meet at 0:45 to
night in the Chartreuse room of
Toyon.
