# VET CREDIT EXPIRES
## 
### 
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
Saturday is the last day for-use
of winter quarter veterans' credit
cards for the purchase of books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore, Dean of Students Don
ald Winbigler has announced.
