# Student Activities
## HOT JAZZ SOCIETY 
### 
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
B. Niles Jamison will present a
program of records from his collec
tion tonight in the Nitery at 8. Ev
eryone is invited.
