# Encina Lobby.
## 
### 
Some one lias said "If we can not
realize our ideals, we can at least
idealize our reals." Encina Hall
with its fitting exterior, its blue

sky and its palm trees, its back
ground of rolling hills and its fore
ground of California beauty; built
to harbor regiments of tender fresh
men, evolve them into dignified
seniors, and graduate them into the
world's vast army of worthy work
men; and to stand long after comets
yet unknown have passed and gone.
Why should it be such a cheer
less place of abode, with its unin
viting vestibule, barren of all fa
miliar home touches, its unused
andirons and ungarlanded mantels,
suggesting some precisely kept re
form school rather than a home
for Stanford braves? If instead
this might be replaced by a cheer
ful log fire with a cosy inglenook,
bowls of flowers upon the mantels,
cushioned divans presenting com
fortable corners where the wearers
of the cardinal might gather at
leisure moments to discuss college
politics, the last book, or wait for
'â€¢feeding time." With here and
there tabourettes surmounted by
growing plants, groups of students
gathered about the tables holding
the late papers and magazines (the
valued numbers chained to the
table legs as the Korans to their
stands in the Old World to prevent
their exodus to parts unknown), a
garland of green all but concealing
the typical American warning, and
the Stanford colors draped to cover
the sign "No admittance except on
business." Is this an impossible
dream ?
