# Noted Leaders To Meet Here In Conference
## Many Prominent Educators Will Hold Conference At Stanford Willard Givens Will Give Nationwide Survey 
### 
Stanford will take the spotlight of
the western educational field Monday
when fundamental administration
problems will be analyzed by a dis
tinguished group of educational spe
cialists during the administrative con
ference.
The conference has been so ar
ranged that the greatest advantage may
be taken of the opportunity to hear
these leaders. The morning sessions
will be devoted to reports on educa
tional progress and planning. A cross
section of conditions existing through
out the country will be presented
through reports covering California,
Arizona, Washington, and Oregon. A
nationwide survey will be made by
Willard Givens.
Kefauvcr To Speak
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver will open
the conference Monday at 3:30 o'clock.
His topic, "The Task of Educational
Administration," will keynote the ses
sion. Dr. John C. Almack will supply
the historical background for the dis
cussions at this opening meeting.
Educational administration and social
leadership will be considered by Dr.
Harold C. Hand. Dr. Frank Thomas,
president of Fresno State College, who
is teaching at the University of South
ern California, will fly up to participate
in this section.
Doctors Eells, Hanna, and Proctor
will present the administrative issues
and adjustments needed in the opera
tion of educational institutions on dif
ferent levels.
Teacher personnel problems will be
analyzed by Mr. Willard Givens, ex
ecutive secretary of the National Edu
cation Association, and Dr. Edwin Lee,
superintendent of schools, San Fran
cisco.
The perplexing aspects of financing
public education will be covered by
Walter Morgan and Dr. Jesse B. Sears.
The final topic will be the adminis
tration of supervision. Dr. Verna Car
ley and Walter Hepner will consider
this phase of educational practicc.
Panels Formed
People of outstanding competence in
their fields have been formed into
panels which will undertake to discuss
and supplement the presentations as
they are made by the.speakers.
In order that particular fields of in
terest may be considered more inten
sively, four groups will meet in the
afternoons. They will deal with the
activities and problems concerning
superintendents and boards of educa
tion, the secondary schools, elementary
schools, and the teacher personnel
field.
Students may make the personal ac
quaintance of these leaders at the re
ception and dance to be held at the
Women's Gymnasium Monday evening.
