# Mathematician from M.I.T. Is To Speak at Stanford
## 
### 
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
Dr. Norbert Wiener, professor of
mathematics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, is to be present
on the campus from July 3 to July 10,
just before his departure for China on
a lecture series. Dr. Wiener will give
two lectures at Stanford on the sub
jects, "Random Motion" and "Taube
vian Theorems." The date and place of
the lectures will be announced later.
