# EDUCATION DINNER TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
The Education Department luncheon, I
which was to have been held Thins- i
day, will be held tomorrow at 12:10
o'clock in ihe Stanford Union. Tickets
may be obtained from the education
office.
