# Low Country Move
## 
### 
LONDON, Mar. 2 (UP)â€”Labor
organizations in Belgium and Hol
land moved today to prevent any
communist takeover and diplomatic
quarters predicted that Britain,
France. Belgium. Holland and Lux
embourg will sign a military and
economic alliance within two weeks.

In Belgium, the General Federa
tion of Labor dropped all commun- |

ists from its secretariat and admin
istrative bureaus. In Holland, the
powerful Dutch Labor Party brand
ed Netherlands communists "fifth
columnists" and warned against fur
ther cooperation.
Britain, France and the Benelux
nations( Belgium, Holland and Lux
embourg) will open a conference in
Brussels Thursday but authoritative
reports indicated that the commun
ist coup in Czechoslovakia and Rus
sia's request for a mutual defense
pact with Finland already had pro
duced agreement in principle on a
solid live-power alliance.
