# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
ITALIAN FILMS
AT STANFORD
☆
Pasolini's
PIGPEN
with
Jean-Pierre Leaud
&
Pierre Clementi
TUESDAY BPM
ADMISSION $1.25
BISHOP AUDITORIUM
IT DOESN'T
HAVE TO RING
TO BE A BELL
Lindsay Lowe will discuss
career opportunities at
Pacific Telephone today at
4:00 p.m. Rm. 270 Tresid
der.
